index of 3qe
The news made us happy.
My grandfather often takes me to the beach.
What can you see from the window?
The clock has not worked for several weeks.
The little boy looked sad because he couldn't play soccer outside.
Most of my friends call me Ken.
The music event lasts for a week.
We can learn a lot from books.
My grandfather told me about his experiences when he was a child.
Their team needs to practice harder to win the game.
Did you enjoy your vacation?
The tree is growing well.
Ms. White gave me some advice.
I have already finished my homework.
He found his lost key under the sofa.
They are going to move to England next month.
Bob often sends e-mails to his friends.
Please bring your own lunch.
Let's try the new shop at that corner.
She decided to go there.
I hope you like it.
Emma wants to travel around the world.
We invited him to the party.
He is going to join the volunteer activities this weekend.
Some people are planting trees in the park.
Could you show me your passport?
They became famous after they won the contest.
I am going to go to the concert held on Sunday.
We can't play baseball today because it's raining.
Our team is practicing hard to win the game.
Bob put his key on the desk last night.
I know the boy wearing a cap.
We kept talking all night.
Your plan sounds nice.
You have to speak in English in this class.
This is a house built in the 17th century.
Can you clean the blackboard?
He can drive a car.
Sally is crying. What happened to her?
I can't remember his name.
You must return the book to the library.
The sign says: NO FOOD OR DRINK.
We slept on the floor.
I'm going to paint the walls of my room.
My father likes to watch baseball games on TV.
Please don't worry about it.
Tom is saving money to buy a new bike.
He sometimes sells his old books.
It snowed a lot yesterday.
Nancy could not understand the meaning of the Japanese words.
He began to do his homework after he came home.
I often borrow books from the library.
The mountain is covered with snow.
She missed the usual train this morning.
They are waiting for the next bus.
We arrived at the airport at 3 p.m.
The boy broke his toy.
Are you going to change the plan?
Jim always tries to choose the best way.
My cousin graduated from university in March.
I left my bag on the train yesterday.
She often lends comics to her friends.
I feel happy when I'm eating delicious cake.
Don't pick flowers in this park.
I received a letter from my uncle.
My grandparents like to spend time on the beach.
Alice baked cookies for her family.
He drew a picture with a pen.
These children can skate well.
Please turn right over there and go straight.
We are going to arrive at your house at 2 p.m.
The boy looked happy to see animals in the zoo.
Her job is taking care of animals.
There is a summer festival in my town every year.
An elephant has big ears.
What's the date today?
Math is my favorite subject.
The man went to the toy store to buy a present for his son.
That shop opens at 9 a.m.
The little boy wants a new toy.
I watched a movie on TV last night.
They are going to visit Fukuoka this weekend.
Let's join the speech contest together.
He saved money to buy new shoes.
That Chinese restaurant is very popular.
How was your trip to France?
You should not believe the information on the Internet so easily.
There are many kinds of birds in this forest.
Can I use your dictionary?
What is your favorite food?
You should go to the doctor when you are sick.
David is looking for a job now.
We found a kitten at the park.
She is studying Japanese history at university.
Mike's grandparents live in the southern part of the U.S.
Yokohama has a lot of places to visit.
The camp was a lot of fun.
I will go hiking with my parents this Sunday.
Did you go anywhere during the winter vacation?
They need a lot of volunteers.
Who is playing the guitar in that band?
She has studied chimpanzees for a long time.
John sometimes goes to the library to borrow books.
What are your plans for tomorrow?
How many e-mails do you write a day?
He left here an hour ago.
Cathy goes to tennis practice on Saturday afternoons.
He is proud of his son.
My father has been to that country before.
We have a meeting every Friday.
Do you read the newspaper every morning?
The old man is a famous scientist.
Get off at the next stop.
There are a lot of restaurants in this area.
I have an aunt who is working in Sydney.
His father works at a computer company.
She is going to bake cookies this afternoon.
My grandfather was a farmer when he lived in California.
My mother asked me to clean the garden.
I have an idea.
Mr. Nelson's lessons are fun.
Please take this medicine twice a day.
We have to take some tests this month.
He likes pumpkin soup very much.
I want to go to space some day.
Let's meet at the station at six.
They are going to climb a mountain if the weather is nice.
I couldn't remember the spelling of the English word.
We are taking care of rabbits in our school.
She wants chocolate cake for dessert.
There is a big car factory in my town.
My father put some ice into the glass.
Tom ate four pieces of pizza last night.
I won the grand prize in the contest.
We have to write a report about the accident.
He walks down this street when he goes to school.
There are a lot of visitors to the zoo on Sundays.
Mr. Johnson taught us the best way to learn English.
My nephew is going to play the piano at the concert next week.
She has a cousin who lives in Hokkaido.
I made a doghouse for our dog.
James joined a volunteer group.
We have a history test this week.
I couldn't see the letters on the blackboard.
Can you please wait a minute?
He is the most famous musician in our country.
There is a notice for parents on the wall.
Remember to prepare all the things you need for tomorrow's trip!
Emily bought a ticket for Tokyo.
"Which animal is stronger, the tiger or the lion?"
My uncle lives in Okinawa.
He often visits the website.
Children's clothes are on the fifth floor.
This is a book about the scientist's life.
Their office is in this building.
A lot of children are swimming in the pool.
We are the winners of the game.
There are many tall buildings in Tokyo.
She is going to go to college in Boston next year.
His daughter is seven years old.
The book fair will be held in August.
English and French are spoken in Canada.
It is fun to imagine the car of the future.
The new government has a lot of problems to solve.
He is in the hospital.
I want to try to play musical instruments.
Do you listen to jazz?
I know a person who speaks four languages.
Lily made an apple pie yesterday.
People in the country speak Spanish.
It is not easy to grow vegetables.
I have known Jim and his wife since I was a child.
He likes novels written by the writer.
She went to the bookstore to buy comics.
I bought a small camera two days ago.
Kevin changes his clothes as soon as he gets home.
Ashley washes the dishes by herself after dinner.
The store is at the end of this street.
What is your favorite school event?
The girl wants to work on a farm in the future.
We were lost in the forest.
Where does your grandmother live?
This is one of the most beautiful islands in the world.
Tom is reading a baseball magazine in his room.
I am a member of the tennis club.
Can I leave a message?
She was surprised at the beautiful nature in the area.
You should be careful when you cross the road.
He has to make a speech in front of a lot of people.
My mother goes shopping at a supermarket twice a week.
The boy took a train by himself for the first time.
The actor is popular among young girls.
The beach is crowded in summer.
Do you have it in another color?
It is a great convenience to be able to shop on the Internet.
They are interested in different cultures.
I read a book about Greek gods.
We often play basketball in the gym.
This is my husband.
You can see vending machines everywhere in Japan.
There is a pencil and a sheet of paper on the desk.
He went to Hokkaido by plane.
Who was the first U.S. president?
She answered the question easily.
Bob made a salad last night.
We are going to join the tennis tournament.
My grandmother was born during the war.
This Japanese movie is popular in other countries.
"Dear Mr. Smith,"
Have you been well?
You can get a free drink in the event.
We have to think about the best way to win the next game.
Our town is famous for its beautiful park.
The special sale is on the first day of every month.
This plant can live if you give a little water every day.
I'm sorry to hear that.
David wants to get a better grade in math.
The movie is popular among children.
He has a tennis racket in his right hand.
She is my favorite singer.
I visited a sick friend in the hospital last Friday.
He had a busy day today.
Peter was late for school this morning.
Most students of this school come to school by bus.
Our house is near a beautiful beach.
My idea is close to theirs.
It is interesting to meet people from different countries.
You have enough time to finish your homework.
Are you sure that your bag was on the table?
I'm ready for the test.
We are glad to hear that.
Sally and Julia are playing volleyball on the same team.
It is a difficult job for me.
Any place is fine.
I had lunch at an Italian restaurant yesterday.
Billy was surprised at her performance.
Animals are usually afraid of fire.
Each baseball team has a different kind of uniform.
The basketball game was exciting.
My dream is to be a professional soccer player.
He has seen a wild bear in the mountain.
Do you know why he is angry?
I want another cup of tea.
The cake you made looks delicious.
Why do we need to study a foreign language?
It is important to try new things.
Mr. Smith often tells us interesting stories.
I was tired of playing games.
People are looking for useful information on the Internet.
I bought warm sweaters during the winter sale.
They ate a lot of dishes because they were hungry.
I got lost on my way to my uncle's house.
His main job is taking care of old people.
These kinds of birds are native to America.
I was very nervous before the contest.
She took the wrong bus this morning.
"After I get home, I always do my homework first."
The boy didn't know what to do next.
My mother likes dogs. I also like dogs.
I want to go there again.
We walked around in Yokohama.
I've been there before.
He studies very hard to become a doctor.
They've just had lunch.
Tom often goes to the movies.
I'll call back later.
She hasn't finished her homework yet.
Let's play soccer together.
We lived in Osaka ten years ago.
I've never seen a koala.
Have you ever tried tacos?
"When the weather is fine, the children play outside."
I still remember my tenth birthday party.
I'll call you tonight.
Sally has already finished her homework.
My father usually gets up at six.
I have to go home early today.
Jack works part-time at the supermarket.
He even works on Sundays sometimes.
She takes her camera everywhere with her.
The station is not far from here.
We have been to Hiroshima once.
"When I was ten, I moved to Sendai."
"If it's sunny tomorrow, I'll go fishing with my friend."
"Because I went to bed late, I'm sleepy now."
Alex is taller than Sam.
They played outside until it got dark when they were children.
"While she was reading comics in her room, her father came home."
He has to finish writing the report by tomorrow.
There are over a hundred people in the park.
The boy is standing between his parents.
We often play basketball during lunch break.
Linda has been sick since this morning.
Some birds are flying across the river.
"Which bag do you want, the green one or the red one?"
All of my friends are kind.
Does anyone have any questions about it?
You should be kind to old people.
We could not play tennis yesterday.
You must be quiet in the library.
His job is delivering newspapers.
David answered the question quickly.
They believe that they can win the game.
The garbage is collected by the students of the school.
How much does it cost?
A cat is crossing the street.
My favorite musician died in 2003.
A dog entered the room.
The boy fell from the tree.
The two countries fought in a war.
My right leg hurts.
She jogs every morning.
"Every year, some people lose their lives in the sea."
He paid 50 dollars for the used jeans.
We should protect the natural environment.
They reached the top of the mountain at last.
Can you ride a bike?
It is important to share opinions.
I agree with you about it.
He caught a lot of fish.
We are going to celebrate her birthday.
The girl checked the website to find out how to make doughnuts.
Please contact me if you need help.
I am expecting a letter from my aunt this week.
They flew to Okinawa last week.
Tom didn't follow the rules.
"I've met her before, but I forgot her name."
She hit her leg on the corner of the table.
We hurried to the station to take the train.
Who invented the telephone?
A lot of people were killed in the war.
I want to pass the exam.
What play are you going to perform at the festival?
Could you shut the door?
This soup smells very good.
Your pumpkin pie tastes great.
The village was attacked by their enemies.
They carried furniture into the house.
The event will continue for three days.
The girl is crying alone.
This bridge was destroyed 20 years ago.
We exchanged e-mail addresses after the meeting.
These shoes fit me.
Can you guess what happened?
You should imagine having a bright future.
I introduced Tom to my parents.
Ken can jump very high.
What does this word mean?
That man always orders a hamburger.
Don't push this button.
She sometimes goes to the park to relax.
The ship sailed across the Pacific Ocean.
That restaurant serves good dishes.
The student shook his head when he was asked a question.
"She shouted, “Wait for me!”"
A lot of young people snowboard in winter.
My new bike was stolen yesterday.
The boy threw a small stone into the pond.
Tom woke up earlier than usual this morning.
Mary was welcomed by everyone.
What's the height of the tower?
A strong hurricane hit the town.
The girl likes ice cream very much.
They want to take part in the next Olympics.
We went to the main street to see a parade.
I put a stamp on the postcard.
There are workers at that factory.
Open the window. You need some fresh air.
Could you take me to the airport?
We can go there by bike.
She sometimes has lunch at a cafeteria.
He has got a chance to go abroad.
The children are dancing in a circle.
The salesclerk made the customer angry.
I hope your dream comes true.
Rabbits have long ears.
We have an English exam next Monday.
We were taught how to make a fire.
More than one million people come to the music event every year.
I sometimes go to the mountains.
Answer the question on page 10.
The zoo has two pandas now.
Sally is talking on the phone with her aunt.
He always keeps photos of his family in his pocket.
A poster of the new movie is on the wall.
Mike gave his sister a birthday present.
We have to solve the problem.
I ran faster than my friend in the last race.
"Ms. Smith said to me, “Don't break the rule.”"
The woman is wearing a scarf around her neck.
We can see a lot of stars in the sky tonight.
They are going to go to the theater to see a musical.
I like the uniforms of our city's baseball team.
I went to my cousin's wedding last Sunday.
There was a car accident at the corner.
He was chosen as one of the best athletes of the year.
Have you tried the bakery that opened last week?
Is there a bank around here?
The boy rode a bicycle for the first time last week.
She is the captain of the volleyball team.
They are going to hold New Year's celebrations.
Turn off your cell phone.
This city is in the center of our country.
This castle was built in the 18th century.
"When he was a child, he didn't like tomatoes."
She can speak Chinese well.
I bought a large pieces of green cloth to make a shirt.
"That coat is nice, but expensive."
Each CD is eight dollars.
Do you know that woman in the blue dress?
I'll show you a few examples.
Sam had a good experience in Hokkaido.
My father is building a fence around our garden.
Emma speaks a little German.
He always gets the best grades in our class.
I sometimes go fishing with my grandfather.
The boy is eating a hamburger.
I haven't been back to my hometown for many years.
People can buy clothes on the Internet.
Bob doesn't like waiting in long lines.
He is watching TV in the living room.
She put her bag in a locker.
Mr. Johnson is the manager of this hotel.
Brush your teeth after each meal.
I don't go to museums often.
The basketball player got 30 points in the last game.
Air pollution is a serious problem in many countries.
I have reason to believe what he said.
Can you tell me the recipe?
The spring sale starts on the last Saturday of March.
The man ordered an egg sandwich.
Did you finish your science homework?
"This is a secret, so don't tell anyone."
A boy is standing on the other side of the river.
I had two slices of bread this morning.
Can you show me your textbook?
He used a special tool to fix it.
The view from the top of the mountain was wonderful.
They went on a sightseeing tour in Italy.
The place is visited by a lot of tourists.
This is a chair made of wood.
She is my favorite actress.
The writer's latest novel is an adventure story.
They heard an alarm when they were playing soccer.
We had a barbecue at the river.
Can I use the bathroom?
Tom takes piano lessons for beginners.
I want to walk on the bottom of the sea.
This bridge is about 300 meters long.
He is a famous tennis coach.
Lily watched a comedy on TV last night.
May I use this computer?
He is going to travel across the European continent.
She attends the cooking course once a week.
They practice tennis at these tennis courts.
My family starts preparing Christmas decorations at the beginning of December.
I have to go to the dentist this afternoon.
Can you give me a description of the bag you lost on the train?
What do you want for dessert?
This is a room used for dining.
Can I get a discount on this?
She ordered a chocolate doughnut.
Let's meet at the entrance at two.
This activity is good for the environment.
The novel is based on fact.
My mother eats fruit every morning.
Mr. Tanaka sometimes stands at the school gate.
He will buy a gift for his grandparents.
The soccer player got two goals in the game.
I feed the goldfish twice a day.
I have had a headache since this morning.
Swimming is good for your health.
Can you see that house standing on the hill?
Do you have any hobbies?
She really enjoyed her homestay in Australia.
Jack bought a pair of jeans at the store.
The boy has a key to the door.
They always pick up their kids at school.
We buy five kilograms of rice every month.
My father is cooking in the kitchen now.
What is the biggest animal that lives on land?
Lucy can speak three languages.
We need to follow the law.
I asked the librarian a question.
He put some marks on the map.
These students are going to interview the mayor.
We like meat better than fish.
She got a gold medal in the Olympics.
The woman is wearing a necklace.
I want to be a nurse in the future.
You can see a lot of famous paintings in the museum.
Mary is going to make pancakes for her friends.
Children's clothes are sold at low prices at that store.
He took part in the project.
She sometimes breaks her promises.
She became the queen of that country at the age of 17.
You need some rest.
He sings in a popular rock band.
I have a lot of schoolwork to do.
Bob likes to read science fiction.
The man is looking for the toy section.
Jim can read Japanese sentences.
There is a big sign on the corner.
"May I help you, sir?"
Let's have a snack at that restaurant.
Can you cook beef stew?
You should wear a sweater.
The Japanese school system is different from your country's.
Please write your telephone number here.
This T-shirt is two thousand yen.
She is good at teaching tricks to dogs.
This is a new type of car.
The view from the top floor was great.
The girl was born in a small village.
A waiter brought me a glass of water.
He sometimes leaves his wallet at home.
What is in the small bottle?
Kevin walks home with his classmates every day.
We clean our classroom after lunch.
The boy can swim 25 meters.
Linda sometimes watches videos on the Internet.
How many national holidays do you have in your country?
The restaurant is always crowded.
He knows the importance of daily practice.
He is excited about going abroad.
She is the first female president of that country.
Allen is junior to me by three years.
He spoke in a loud voice.
We have a male dog.
I think it is possible.
Her face looked sad and tired.
Where did you get such beautiful flowers?
He answered the easy question.
Do you want to buy an expensive car?
She is a fast runner.
"I lost my bag, but it was found and returned to me a few days later."
This part of the park is full of flowers.
I'm half my mother's age.
The boy carried the heavy bag for her.
He got homesick soon after he left his country.
I want to have my own company some day.
"When she was a child, she was very shy."
It is silent outside tonight.
Tom's story may be true.
I met a lot of wonderful people during my trip.
Nick has been absent from school for a week.
His boring speech made me sleepy.
This computer is broken.
My bike is cheaper than yours.
It will be cloudy all day today.
It is dangerous to swim in this river.
The lake near my house is very deep.
I am taking an elementary English course.
He had a very enjoyable time at the beach.
I saw some familiar faces at the party.
Do you want some fresh fruit?
We watched a funny movie yesterday.
She is interested in studying the human body.
You can make a lot of cookies in less time with this machine.
This road was narrow for cars.
Their performance is far from perfect.
There are a lot of poor children in the world.
Don't do such a thing in a public place.
Our dog is smart.
I missed my usual train this morning.
That river is wide and deep.
Do you know the girl with the short hair?
It was sunny this morning.
Kevin lives alone in New York.
My leg hurts. I can't run anymore.
Do you need anything else?
We finally got to the top of the mountain.
Maybe Mike has the key.
I have almost finished my homework.
This salad can be made easily.
"Tom doesn't like carrots. I don't like them, either."
"He likes Japanese food, especially sushi."
The desk had some letters inside.
She looks pretty well today.
"Sincerely, Robert Jones"
I sometimes see Lisa at the pool.
I have been to Okinawa twice.
He wants to go abroad next summer.
They saw a black car ahead.
You can get T-shirts more cheaply at that shop.
"Luckily, our team won the game."
I want to go to Paris someday.
Go straight down this street.
"Suddenly, it started to rain."
We walked along the street.
The girl is standing beside the tree.
"They lost the game, but they fought well against the other team."
She sat behind Daniel.
You should do it without any help.
Is there anything inside the box?
I like both of them.
We want something to eat.
"Jane told herself, “I can do it.”"
Sam has nothing to do today.
Someone is singing in the music room.
Are you going to attend the next meeting?
He canceled all his orders.
She climbed Mt. Everest at the age of 60.
I cut my finger with a knife last night.
The girl wants to design clothes someday.
My father hangs his jacket on that wall.
Someone is knocking on the door.
Please let me know if you need any help.
He is sometimes late for school because he oversleeps.
We have to prepare for next week's exams.
Raise your hand if you know the answer.
We repeated our teacher's words.
She usually gets up before the sun rises.
"David seemed young, but he was older than me."
Ms. Green always smiles at me.
Don't touch the painting.
I wonder why she is angry.
The actor has been acting for 20 years.
She adds sugar to her coffee.
The popular musician appeared at the event a little late.
The man was arrested at his house.
Please boil these eggs for ten minutes.
A car is burning on the road.
Eating too much may cause a lot of health problems.
They all cheered for the players.
It is important to communicate with others.
The machine is easy to control.
We decorate a Christmas tree every winter.
Mr. Smith has directed five movies so far.
These animals may disappear from Earth.
Who discovered the island?
They escaped from their enemies.
Could you explain that again?
The man dances to express his feelings.
I failed the exam again.
I feed my cat a few times a day.
Can you fix this bike?
These chairs can be folded.
He greets everyone with a smile.
The boy hid behind the tree.
They went hiking in the mountains.
The king liked to hunt animals.
The boy impressed the audience as a great singer.
I was injured in the car accident.
Some children are going to interview the singer.
I judged his feelings by looking at his face.
We laughed a lot together.
Fish lay eggs in the water.
The coach will lead his team well.
She wants to marry him.
My mother told me to mix the butter with the sugar.
The company offers a good environment for its workers.
They produce a lot of cars abroad.
The man pulled a rope to ring the bell.
I realized that playing basketball is fun.
Can you record that TV program for me?
People in this country recycle these bottles.
The moon is shining.
The story shocked people all over the world.
He tried to shoot a bird.
My father smokes after meals.
She couldn't solve the problem.
The boy can spell his name in English.
I will support you anytime.
His grandparents survived the war.
Don't waste money or time.
I wish for world peace.
I want to take part in volunteer activities.
Please write your name and address here.
The song is popular with both children and adults.
He became a professional tennis player at the age of 18.
They live in a small apartment.
That aquarium is crowded on weekends.
She hurt her right arm during practice.
There is some fruit in the basket.
They won the battle at last.
The restaurant is two blocks away from this hotel.
He has a healthy body.
Mike sometimes goes to Tokyo for business.
This is the button that turns on the machine.
The house has a window on the ceiling.
It is about 50 centimeters long.
This ceremony has been held for 300 years.
Allen is a chef at the restaurant.
I took out some warm clothes from the closet.
She turned the corner.
What costume are you going to wear on Halloween?
Jack is interested in Japanese customs.
They went to a department store yesterday.
What is the difference between Japanese and American people?
She wants to be a movie director in the future.
I bought medicine for a cold at the drugstore.
Sally had a high fever this morning.
Some children are playing in the field.
Look at Figure 1.
Our flight was canceled because of the snow.
He is thinking of buying new furniture.
Don't throw away garbage in this park.
She loves her grandson very much.
The boy is sitting on the grass.
They climbed the mountain with a guide.
Don't run in the hallway.
He has been my hero since I was a child.
Tomorrow is a national holiday.
The moon is above the horizon.
My illness is not serious.
This is a list of students at this school.
Do you have good memories of school life?
There is a table in the middle of the room.
He went to bed at midnight last night.
This new model of the car is popular among young people.
They are going to perform a musical.
There was a car accident in my neighborhood.
Let's meet at noon at the station.
I want to hear your opinion of it.
Julia baked chocolate cookies in the oven.
Do you sleep in pajamas?
What is the nearest planet to the sun?
David is a person who can get pleasure from working.
He found 100 yen in his pocket.
The police are looking for a man with very long hair.
She wants a puppy as a pet.
We listen to the radio every morning.
Please tell me your schedule for today.
Billy got a good score on the test.
This is a ticket for a shuttle flight between Boston and Washington.
I have good sight.
They are going to buy a new sofa.
A bad storm is coming toward our city.
She bought a tie for her father.
Don't cause trouble for your mother.
That singer has a beautiful voice.
Mary likes to watch action movies.
Ms. Wilson often gives her students advice.
I didn't get any awards at the contest.
They are going to visit Hokkaido at the beginning of September.
There are over seven billion people on our planet.
Mr. Jones is writing an English sentence on the blackboard.
Let's make camp near the river.
What is the capital of your country?
The castle was built in the 15th century.
The country has a mild climate.
How many comics do you have?
Our team needs to have better communication with each other.
How serious was the damage from the typhoon?
These animals are in danger now.
His paintings became famous after his death.
It is cold at night in the desert.
She didn't escape from the difficulty of the project.
There are a lot of earthquakes in Japan.
We went up to the sixth floor in the elevator.
They attacked their enemies.
It will take a lot of energy to do it.
I have to pass the examination.
Ms. Smith taught us some useful English expressions.
I go and see fireworks in the summer.
The students made a big flag.
The girl can use a knife and fork well.
Everyone has the freedom of expression.
There are three tomatoes in the fridge.
Our friendship will never end.
He is supported by the younger generation.
"I couldn't speak English, so I expressed myself using gestures."
Tom drinks a glass of milk every morning.
You should wear gloves because it's snowing.
Add five grams of sugar to it.
I visit my grandparents every winter.
The boy always gives me a friendly greeting.
The heat of the sun is important energy source.
Please give me a hint to solve the problem.
David looked into the hole in the ground.
Have you ever ridden a horse?
He is the host of this party.
She told her children about the importance of good health.
I sometimes write letters to my friend in purple ink.
Andy wants to drink orange juice.
The girl has a small leaf in her hands.
Do you have a driver's license?
She often looks at herself in the mirror.
My neighbors are all friendly.
That boy is Jimmy's nephew.
The noise of airplanes became a problem in this area.
He is taking notes now.
I often read novels on the train.
Oil doesn't mix with water.
She is the owner of the house.
I have pain in my back.
Most of the passengers on the plane were Chinese.
Do you think the world is at peace now?
Their musical has two performances a day.
Kobe has a beautiful port.
Sandra sent a picture postcard to her uncle.
There is an interesting TV program tonight.
This place is a popular summer resort.
The boy's dream is to make rockets.
I felt a deep sadness.
She is always worried about her husband's safety.
Sally asked the salesclerk about the price.
The last scene of that movie was wonderful.
Can I use your scissors?
She always washes her hair with shampoo.
The window is round in shape.
I took a shower after I got home.
My grandmother visits the shrine once a day.
They are going to London for sightseeing.
Sam has the skill to be a good nurse.
These are my favorite sneakers.
My grandfather fought in the war as a soldier.
She runs at a slow speed.
My father sometimes takes me to the stadium.
He went down the stairs in a hurry.
The man was born in New York State.
There is a big statue in front of the station.
We had steak for dinner last night.
My stomach has been hurting since this morning.
A stranger spoke to me on the street.
Do you want sugar in your coffee?
That man in the suit is Tom's cousin.
I have to get a suitcase for my trip.
That is the most beautiful sunrise I have ever seen.
The children will go home before sunset.
The bird is a symbol of peace.
The temperature of the water is too hot for me.
The tradition began in the 15th century.
James and Emily are twins.
A strong typhoon hit our town last week.
She drinks a glass of wine before she goes to bed.
"Penguins have wings, but they can't fly."
Two dogs are asleep on the sofa.
I like bright colors.
John is a very careful man.
We can see the animal in the central part of the forest.
He has a very clever dog.
This is a comfortable space for me.
What is the most common boy's name in your country?
Do you know that cute girl?
It's getting dark outside.
She always has a digital camera in her bag.
Mr. Smith is an excellent teacher.
The members of the soccer club are very friendly.
"The doctor said to me, “You need to live a healthy life.”"
The boy wants to play the latest video game.
I go to a local summer festival every year.
We have to protect the natural environment.
It is necessary to do our best.
Mary speaks in a quiet voice.
The baby has a round face.
She was scared by the strange sound.
The baseball player answered several questions after the game.
Ms. Wood talks to her students in simple English.
Nagano is a snowy place in Japan.
A lot of stars are shining in the southern sky.
Our basketball team is strong.
The cake you made tastes sweet and delicious.
I don't want to read such a thick book.
"He was thirsty, so he drank a lot of water."
A yukata is a type of traditional Japanese clothing.
She was upset by his story.
I took pictures of the whole building.
The fish is still alive.
They are always cheerful.
You should wash your dirty shoes.
The singer is popular among elderly people.
This book is helpful for learning about American history.
There is a huge stadium in my city.
It is impossible to finish the job by tomorrow.
The artist was invited to an international event.
I don't want to live a lonely life.
He speaks in a low voice.
I think you are a lucky person.
Linda has a mild personality.
There were noisy children on the train.
Please visit our official website.
They sometimes use an outdoor court to play tennis.
What is the most peaceful country in the world?
Most of the students at the school are polite.
This car has a powerful engine.
He is serious about his job.
That was a surprising fact for me.
Your tomato soup is tasty.
This T-shirt is a little tight.
We walked on the wet street after the rain.
You can use this computer anytime.
"Anyway, let's try to do it."
Are you going to go anywhere this weekend?
The house was badly damaged by the typhoon.
I ordered pizza instead.
He got the bag online.
My father always drives safely.
"Actually, she hasn't gotten a new job yet."
Please read the English sentence aloud.
The students are listening to their teacher carefully.
She wants to work overseas someday.
Jim is smiling softly.
"Unfortunately, it rained all day."
We went upstairs by elevator.
"Although it was raining, she went for a walk."
I was able to find her among a large group of people.
A man is coming toward us.
There is a clock above the window.
I saw him at the library a few minutes ago.
Can I have a glass of milk?
This sweater is a little too big for me.
He helped me a lot when I stayed in the U.S.
I have a lot of things to do today.
I want to buy a pair of shoes for my school trip.
Would you like a piece of cake?
She drew a picture on a sheet of paper.
He put a slice of lemon into his tea.
"After a while, it started to rain."
I usually go straight home after school.
"If you don't agree with me, please say so."
That singer is known all over the world.
"Do you want me to do anything else, Grandma?"
We will arrive in Chicago before noon.
I'll get there as soon as I can.
"As usual, Kate's father took a bath before dinner."
We won't be able to finish the work today. Let's ask for help.
I asked Tony to bring something to drink.
"At first I didn't like math, but now it's my favorite subject."
I've finished my homework at last!
She wants to make a lot of friends at school.
We asked the teacher some questions at the end of the class.
They made a robot that was able to walk.
Tom has been absent from school for three days.
"He was born in the U.S., but now he lives in Canada."
The table was covered with a cloth.
My idea is different from his.
My town is famous for its old castle.
The sky was full of stars.
I'm glad to know that you've passed the exam.
My uncle is good at playing soccer.
"Sorry, I can't talk now. I'm in a hurry to get to work."
I'll help you when you're in trouble.
John is interested in Japanese history.
I was late for school because I got up late.
Mr. Green is out right now. He'll be back by three o'clock.
She is proud of her son.
I'm ready for the science test tomorrow.
Are you ready to go to the party?
We were very surprised at the news.
She's worried about her daughter studying abroad.
I want to become friends with students from other countries.
The post office is between a supermarket and a bookstore.
Both my aunt and I like painting.
I ordered pizza and a salad at that restaurant. Both of them were good.
Tom lives by himself in a small apartment.
Let's clean up the living room before dinner.
Try to finish your homework before your father comes back.
"When I came home, my mother was cooking."
I'm sure your dream will come true.
My brother decided to buy a used car made in Germany.
I'll do my best in the next tennis match.
I usually do my homework before dinner.
"How was the test, Lisa? Did you do well?"
We've known each other since we were small.
We enjoyed watching a football game.
I think this book is easy enough for your daughter.
It was not hot enough to swim in the sea.
The shirt I bought is a little too big. Could I exchange it for a smaller one?
I fell down when I was running to school.
Let's find out who stole the bag.
Have you finished washing your shoes?
"First of all, let me introduce myself."
I've wanted to buy this for a long time.
"He likes European countries, for example, Spain and Italy."
Masao took a plane for the first time when he went to China this spring.
She goes to swimming school from Monday to Thursday.
Susan likes studying and always gets good grades.
I got a perfect score on the math test.
It's getting cold. Let's go inside.
Be back before it gets dark.
"When I got home, my father was washing the car."
Can we have lunch at that caf?? I'm getting hungry.
Let's get off the bus at the next stop and walk.
Sorry I'm late. I got on the wrong bus.
What time will we get to the airport?
"It was raining, so my father gave me a ride to school."
"Ms. Baker, I have a stomachache. Can I go and see the school nurse?"
"We got very hungry, so we went back home for lunch."
I often go fishing with my father on weekends.
I went for a walk in the park yesterday.
"Children, it's time to go home."
We went on a bus tour around the city.
They went on a trip to Mexico.
It's a beautiful day. Why don't we go out for lunch?
I'm going shopping tomorrow. Do you want to come with me?
Go straight and turn left at the next corner.
I have to finish my homework before I go to bed.
"Last weekend, I went to see a movie with Betty."
I'm sorry I'm late. I had to go to the doctor this morning.
"Dad, do you have to go to work this Saturday?"
"After graduating from university, she started to work as a nurse."
Tom wants to be a pilot when he grows up.
Steve had a chance to talk to the writer.
"Mom, can I stay home today? I think I have a cold."
I'm glad to hear that you're having a great time in London.
Have you ever been to Australia?
We don't have enough eggs to make a cake.
"The weather was not good, but I had fun."
We had lunch at an Italian restaurant near the museum.
I've never been to Paris.
We didn't have time to visit her last Sunday.
I have to finish this report by next Monday.
How long is the show?
How many times have you been to Hawaii?
How often do you play tennis?
My grandmother taught me how to make an apple pie.
"Hurry up, or we'll be late for the concert."
I'd like to send this package to the U.S.
Let's meet in front of the department store at noon.
"In my opinion, we should have another parking area near the station."
Kathy fell asleep in the middle of the concert.
I studied at the library in the morning.
Mt. Everest is the highest mountain in the world.
Nancy invited us to her birthday party.
It is difficult for me to finish the report today.
It took me a month to read the book.
I went skiing with my friend last week.
Everyone laughed at his funny story.
I left my wallet at home.
"Sorry, but she is out now. Would you like to leave a message?"
I didn't have enough time to look around the town.
We went out to look for the lost dog.
I'm looking forward to seeing you again.
What's the matter? You don't look well.
You don't have to bring anything. There will be lots of food.
Gordon had to make a long speech at a meeting yesterday.
There were more than 100 people at the party.
Most of the students go to school by bus.
The office moved to a different floor.
Are there any good restaurants near here?
We need to find someone who can speak French.
I didn't understand what Mike said at all.
I haven't finished cleaning my room yet.
You don't have to eat everything.
Not only Cathy but also her sister can dance very well.
Linda's father sometimes goes to Los Angeles on business.
"Turn left at that flower shop, and you'll see it on your right."
I'll get something for dinner on my way home.
Jason often buys coffee on his way to work.
What do you usually do on weekends?
I think we need one more volunteer.
They have three children. One of them is a college student.
Boston is one of the oldest cities in the U.S.
Who is the girl playing tennis over there?
"Study hard, and you'll pass the exam."
"Hello, Mom? It's raining. Could you pick me up at the station?"
"It was cold, so I put on a coat."
She received the first prize in the contest.
I'm afraid she can't get to the phone right now.
The news says that a lion ran away from the zoo.
Jane is working after school to save money.
I can't go with you. Please say hello to Grandma for me.
You can shake hands with the members of the band over there.
"He shouted at his son, “Watch out! A car is coming.”"
Can you show me how to use this machine?
We were so tired that we went to bed early.
Let's make something special for dinner.
I want to get something to read on the train.
Mr. Smith spends a lot of money on books.
I have to stay home and take care of my little sister.
I'm sleepy because I stayed up late last night.
I've never had such a delicious cake.
Dad took me to the baseball game.
Jenny took a lot of pictures during her trip.
Who's going to take care of your dog while you're on vacation?
Laura takes piano lessons because she wants to be a pianist.
Our plane took off on time.
He took off his hat and greeted the teacher.
Lisa is going to take part in the speech contest next month.
Do you know that man talking on the phone?
Could you tell me how to get to the museum?
My mother often tells me to read books.
Makoto got up earlier than usual to do his homework.
I met an old friend of mine on the street the other day.
I'm thinking about doing a part-time job.
What do you think of his opinion?
"It was raining this morning, but it's sunny now."
Don't throw away these magazines. I need them for my report.
Paul was too busy to go to Ms. Brown's farewell party.
He traveled to Seattle by train.
I like this hat. May I try it on.
Could you turn down the music? I'm studying.
Turn left at the second traffic light.
Turn off the light when you leave the room.
It's cold here. Shall we turn on the heater?
I can't hear the radio well. Can you turn it up?
I work at the hospital as a volunteer twice a month.
I visited my friend in the hospital.
I'll wait for you in the gym.
Lucy woke up early today.
I like walking along the river in spring.
My father wants me to become a doctor.
I want to be an astronaut in the future.
I don't know what to wear for the school trip.
We talked about when to hold the welcome party for Mr. Scott.
"The summer vacation starts next week, but we haven't decided where to go yet."
The plan worked very well.
I visited China when I was ten years old.
I'm going to stay in Oxford for a couple of weeks.
I went cycling with a friend of mine.
A number of people were saved from the burning building.
Cleaning these rooms is part of his job.
It will be sunny all day tomorrow.
I studied for the exam all night.
He never listens. He just talks all the time.
He had to walk all the way home from school.
"He took her to the Statue of Liberty, Broadway, and so on."
Could you give me another ten minutes?
I don't have as many books as you.
I want to learn as much as I can during my homestay in Canada.
Naomi tried to speak English as much as possible.
Please call me as soon as you get home.
They grow fruit as well as vegetables.
"As you know, ice hockey is a very popular sport in Canada."
It's difficult to listen to five different people at a time.
I have at least a hundred CDs.
"When Mr. Jones opened the door, the students stopped talking at once."
Our teacher went to America at the age of twenty-three.
Her town is at the foot of a mountain.
Don't be afraid of making mistakes.
Will you be at home this evening?
I'm afraid she's not at her desk right now.
"Mom, I'm going out now, but I'll be back before dinner."
My father is busy with his work.
I think you should be more careful about your health.
"His house is close to the river, so he often goes swimming there."
"I was not familiar with the city, so I didn't know where to go."
The hall was filled with young people.
She is fond of traveling.
Chicago is known as “the Windy City.”
That singer is known to people all over the world.
The game was over when George arrived.
I'm pleased to meet you.
I'm satisfied with their service.
Emily can't swim in a pool because she's scared of water.
Mary has been sick in bed for ten days.
His way of thinking is similar to yours.
I'm very sorry for breaking my promise.
I was surprised to see so many people at the festival.
He went to bed earlier because he was tired from traveling.
I'm tired of watching TV. Let's go for a walk.
We didn't go to see the soccer game because of bad weather.
I belong to the photography club at school.
"Sam, brush your teeth before going to bed."
"By the way, how was your trip to New Zealand?"
I'm afraid she is out. Do you want her to call you back?
"If you care about your health, why don't you exercise?"
He caught a cold and couldn't go on the school trip.
Get off at Central Park and change trains there.
Let's try to cheer up Naomi.
"If you cut down that tree, you will get more light in winter."
"Day after day, he wears the same jacket."
The work continues day and night.
"It depends on the weather. If it's sunny, I'll go fishing."
She died of old age at the age of 90.
It's getting dark. Shall I drive you home?
Either you or Bob must do it.
I hope you will enjoy yourself at the party.
She ran every morning even if it rained.
Mike goes to the gym every other day.
Today he was so tired that he fell asleep during class.
Nancy fell in love with one of her classmates.
My father usually drives me to school because I live far away.
Is your house far from the station?
She feels at home in Canada.
"I had a fever this morning, but now I'm feeling better."
I don't feel like going to see a movie tonight.
I have a headache and feel sick.
Please fill in the blanks.
The room filled up with desks and chairs.
"Helen, can you come here for a minute?"
She went to the cafeteria to rest for a while.
Jeff is learning painting for fun.
Kevin sometimes cooks for himself.
I haven't seen her for some time.
Don't forget to mail this letter on your way to school.
Volunteers will help people from abroad at the event.
I read the whole book from beginning to end in one day.
She got angry because I broke her favorite cup.
He often gets away from the city for a rest.
I got back from the trip yesterday morning.
My Spanish got better during my stay in Spain.
The fans got excited when the singer came on stage.
The man told him to get in the car.
She wanted him to get out of her room.
I hope she'll get well soon.
Will you give back my dictionary? I need it tomorrow.
My father gave up smoking twenty years ago.
My uncle often goes abroad for work.
"I took some medicine a few hours ago, but my headache hasn't gone away."
"A few weeks went by, and the boy's bike was found near the park."
Please take off your shoes when you go into the house.
You must brush your teeth before you go to sleep.
You'd better get the ticket right now.
I happened to meet him while I was in New York City.
My aunt is going to have a baby next month.
It is important for you to have a dream for the future.
"Yesterday, Eric and Frank had a fight at school."
She has a good memory. She remembers almost everything about me.
I had a good sleep last night.
Kate was absent from school yesterday because she had a stomachache.
The teacher wants to have a talk with Ken's parents.
I have no idea what to get for her birthday.
I haven't heard from my brother since February.
Have you heard of the new city plan?
Paul often helps his father with his work.
How far is it from here to the station?
Hundreds of people were waiting outside the TV studio.
The children sat in a circle and sang a song.
Students talked about the topic in a group.
I'll be back in a minute.
"Bill is very good at soccer. In fact, he's the best player in the school."
Tell the children to play outside. I want to read the newspaper in peace.
She is too shy to speak in public.
She gave me a wallet and I gave her a scarf in return.
We decided to go out in spite of the bad weather.
"In the end, he decided to go to college."
"In those days, there was no TV."
Beth ran as fast as she could and was in time for the train.
We ordered green salad instead of onion soup.
"First, let me introduce my friend Ben to all of you."
I still keep in touch with James by e-mail.
Andy always keeps his promise.
"I was very tired, so I lay down for a while."
You can switch on the computer like this.
The Earth is getting warmer little by little.
Could you look after my daughter while I go to the post office?
It looks like the dress I want.
Mary looked out of the window and found it was snowing.
Look up the word in your dictionary.
Excuse me. I've lost my way. Where are we on this map?
Wine is made from grapes.
They make cacao beans into chocolate at this factory.
We bought two chairs that were made of wood.
I made a few mistakes on my English writing test.
Be quiet! You're making too much noise.
He worked very hard and made a lot of money.
The baby was named after his grandfather.
He can speak neither Japanese nor Chinese.
The woman who lives next door is a doctor.
I want to visit other cities next time.
He works at the coffee shop next to the Star Hotel.
I have no more information about it.
He is not a doctor but a nurse.
It took about an hour to get there on foot.
"Ann likes playing sports. On the other hand, her sister likes reading."
The train arrived on time.
I came to Hawaii not on vacation but on business.
He has to take this medicine once a day.
He wanted to visit France once more before he died.
The marathon runners entered the stadium one after another.
They looked at one another with smiles.
She bought two dresses. One is red and the other is purple.
I'm planning to take cooking lessons during summer vacation.
We have to prepare for the Christmas party.
"Certainly, sir. I'll bring it right away."
Carol left without saying goodbye.
"“It will soon be over,” he said to himself."
Nancy went to the airport to see her friend off.
My aunt showed me around her town.
Did you sleep well last night?
The train slowed down and stopped.
The woman smiled at me and asked my name.
We have won all our games so far this season.
There are so many questions I want to ask him.
I'm sorry I can't join you tonight. Maybe some other time.
I'm thirsty. I want something cold to drink.
That sounds like a great idea.
I spoke to the woman looking at the map.
U.S. stands for United States.
The festival started with the mayor's speech.
I'm going to stay with my uncle in Sydney next weekend.
"If you're not busy on Sunday, please stop by."
Fruits such as peaches and pears are grown in Washington.
Many people in the world suffer from hunger.
Fred spends his free time surfing the Internet.
Jim always takes a break at three in the afternoon.
"David, the DVD player doesn't work. Can you take a look at it?"
"If you take this medicine, you will feel better."
You look tired. Why don't you take a rest?
He told me to take a seat.
I hear you will take a trip to the U.K.
Let's take a walk this afternoon.
She took out a picture from her bag and showed it to me.
You mustn't tell a lie.
Our soccer team is stronger than any other team in this city.
The man thanked me for helping him.
These days more and more people care about the environment.
Is this your first time to come to this town?
Come this way. I'll show you our office.
Thousands of visitors travel to this castle every month.
This park is three times as large as that one.
"Ms. Kobayashi, please turn the card over and look at me."
I used to come to this park with my grandfather.
"At the shopping mall, I just walked around and bought nothing."
"We would love to stay longer, but we have to go."
I wrote down their phone numbers on a piece of paper.
Amy wrote to her parents every month while she was in Japan.