index of 2qe
The company developed the new product last year.
Our parents allowed us to stay out late last night.
Their project will help to create a brighter future.
The war lasted for 10 years.
After years of war, the people longed for peace.
Gambling doesn't pay.
The school provided each child with a computer.
The car was damaged beyond repair.
I accidentally left the lights on.
The woman booked the airline tickets for her boss.
The heat is causing me to sweat.
My uncle is rich and owns a yacht.
It costs 500 dollars to fly to Seattle.
A good case will protect your smartphone from damage.
We worked hard to improve our customer service.
Our goal is to meet the needs of our customers.
She pointed and said, “Please sign here.”
We should reduce the amount of waste we produce.
The package will be shipped to your home address.
He continued to work to make his business a success.
The airplane landed at the airport 20 minutes behind schedule.
I offered to watch my neighbor's dog over the weekend.
My aunt runs a used book shop.
Customer satisfaction increased dramatically.
It takes many people to produce a video game.
Broccoli contains lots of vitamins.
Please let me know.
Please remove your shoes before entering.
We should treat the elderly with respect.
I attached the file to the e-mail and sent it.
Kids will do anything to avoid doing homework.
We agreed on the last point.
Contact my office if you need to reach me.
My classmates and I formed an organization to help the homeless.
My mother wishes to lead a quiet life.
I'm trying to prevent myself from laughing.
This class will cover a wide range of topics.
I instantly recognized him as my old teacher.
I recommend the Chinese restaurant on Elm Street.
The flu has been spreading.
I suggest that you speak to your professor.
The people of Osaka supported the governor's reforms.
I connected my computer to the printer.
My father has difficulty controlling his temper.
Tax is included in the price.
The problem remains unsolved.
I'm having my car repaired.
It's not a good idea to waste money.
I applied for jobs at several different companies.
The barking dog is driving me crazy.
The government encouraged people to vote.
The students objected to the new rule.
I am preparing to give a presentation.
It is important to preserve our history.
My father promised to come home by six.
I need to replace the battery in my watch.
Our company supplies the army with uniforms.
It is hard to warn people about earthquakes before they happen.
A good teacher knows how to attract students' attention.
The Internet makes it easy to compare prices.
The doctors cured him of the disease.
We discussed the matter with him.
We explored the unknown island.
The doctor will identify the origin of the pain.
The doctor performed the operation.
Prices are predicted to rise.
My boss doesn't regard the issue as a serious problem.
All factory workers are required to wear a helmet.
I don't like to add sugar to my tea.
The English writer aimed a new book at children.
These dogs are bred for hunting.
All food items are charged a 10% tax.
The program's purpose is to feed the poor.
The streets were flooded.
They judged her the winner of the contest.
I prefer books to movies.
The machine scanned the patient.
The child suffered from the flu.
The bad weather affected the harvest.
My wife and I don't like to argue with each other.
Do not complain to me about your situation.
They criticized him for his bad decision.
Our trip was delayed due to the typhoon.
Please deliver the package to this address.
We demanded that they pay for damages.
She had never faced such a difficult challenge.
It takes a lot of hard work to gain success.
The driver ignored the red light.
Please lie on your left side.
We managed to catch the train.
This jacket matches these pants.
She reacted calmly to my proposal.
I realized my mistake too late.
I can't afford to buy a car.
Some animals can exist under extreme conditions.
They fixed my computer in one day.
I should have mentioned it earlier.
I strongly opposed the plan.
My grandparents overcame great hardship to come to America.
Sally persuaded him to see a counselor.
The student published an article in the journal.
I was born and raised in Tokyo.
The waiter served our table with a smile.
I share a room with my brother.
He accepted an invitation to speak at the conference.
The train conductor announced the next stop.
It appears to be true.
I also attend school on Saturdays.
The bicycle bumped into a tree.
I don't care how, as long as you get it done.
The construction was completed ahead of schedule.
I can't concentrate on this book.
Farm animals consume a lot of food.
I counted the students on the bus before it departed.
Please describe the man's appearance.
We discount all our prices by 10% for cash purchases.
I'll donate my organs after my death.
It seems you doubt my words.
My father's business employs three people.
I've decided to extend my stay.
The mayor was forced to resign.
I'm gathering information for my report.
The injury will take several weeks to heal.
I don't want to get involved in your personal business.
We killed a few hours before our flight.
We organized a birthday party for our friend.
This class proved to be more difficult than expected.
After 20 years of smoking, my father quit the habit.
I refuse to answer your questions.
I relied on my doctor for medical advice.
It's good to separate your personal life from your work life.
Tom transferred to the Yamanote Line.
The crew abandoned the sinking ship.
The agency advertised its discount airline tickets on the Internet.
A typhoon is approaching Okinawa.
The newspaper conducted a survey of all the local residents.
Smoking is considered to be harmful to your health.
The car crashed into the wall.
The dog defended its master.
The teacher divided her students into five groups.
The hero of the movie escaped from prison.
The scientists carefully examined the data.
We exchanged phone numbers.
This portable battery generates enough electricity to power a computer.
I wonder who implanted such an idea into his head.
The factory manufactures 2,000 cars every day.
My son pretended to be ill to avoid going to school.
She is renting an apartment in a nice part of town.
We requested them not to smoke inside.
It took five years to restore the castle.
The community's traditions survived after the war.
My family was upset at the news of Grandma's death.
It was hot, so I adjusted the air conditioner.
We are using a new program to analyze the data.
The assistant arranged the meeting for his boss.
I sometimes assist my mother in the kitchen.
The city recently banned smoking in public spaces.
I can't bear pain at all.
She's been a regular customer for over 10 years.
We save electricity by turning off the lights when we leave a room.
Make sure you have all the facts before making a decision.
We have to protect the Earth's environment.
The total amount is at the bottom of the receipt.
There is no room for improvement.
Her careful research proved her theory.
We are conducting market research.
You will have the results of your test on Monday.
Doug is the Employee of the Month.
The site of our camp is next to the lake.
I left early to avoid the heavy traffic.
My bicycle is my main means of transportation.
The students were called up in alphabetical order.
Charity for those less fortunate is important.
The new product provided great benefits for the company.
The clinic is on the second floor.
The medical expert gave his opinion.
The project was approved by the city council.
Exercising is a good method for reducing stress.
Let's load the equipment onto the truck.
The president announced a new economic policy.
His new vehicle has extra large tires.
It's human nature to feel jealousy sometimes.
The office has 20 staff members.
I know his statement is a lie.
In that case, let's leave a little early.
Summer camp was a good experience for me.
The people in the movement marched for social justice.
The biologist discovered a new species of fish.
There are advantages to showing up early.
I usually put the garbage out the night before.
The dress has a pretty flower pattern.
You should check the tire pressure of your bicycle before the race.
At such a high altitude, the air is a lot thinner.
Please talk to Rachel in the sales department.
The document has to be signed in person.
The long-term effects of the medicine are unknown.
There are 10 new items on the budget.
The population of the town is less than 1,000.
A teaching position is available at the high school.
The crime was committed by two teenagers.
I'll send you the details by e-mail.
The tech industry is growing every year.
Every year, the number of foreign residents increases.
On the surface, the water looks calm.
My mother is a veterinarian.
The bacteria were grown in small dishes.
The interior design of this home is beautiful.
The car's safety device engages upon impact.
The police took her fingerprints.
The car is almost out of fuel.
Drunk driving is against the law.
Jane has a good memory for names.
People are one of our most important resources.
The survey will be done online.
They have a wide variety of ice cream flavors.
The government is trying to improve our living conditions.
Dolphins are creatures of the ocean.
We use only the finest materials in our products.
Daily practice is necessary for developing new skills.
They agreed to be a sponsor for our new TV program.
The board of education meets once a month.
A million dollars is a great deal of money.
This is the most important decision of my life.
The scientist made a scientific discovery.
There is a one dollar late fee.
The gallery agreed to exhibit my photos.
Please give a five-minute presentation.
The scene of the accident was surrounded by people.
Please complete the task in 60 minutes.
A single thread of light passed through the hole.
The sales campaign ends in January.
Plants need carbon dioxide.
The body constantly creates new cells.
Her children are her main concern.
My daughter loves reading about dinosaurs.
There is no clear evidence of a crime.
The ozone layer protects us.
I've been encouraged to try a new mode of life.
I felt a sharp pain in my knee.
We managed to make a small profit.
Good communication skills are vital to success.
The factory was the source of the pollution.
Amanda has good taste in clothes.
I enjoy shopping for clothes.
The welfare of the community is everyone's responsibility.
This year's conference will be held in Dubai.
The distance from Kyoto to Tokyo is about 450 kilometers.
The country's economy is growing.
John is making an effort to get better grades.
The mechanic replaced the car's engine.
The theory of evolution was proposed by Darwin.
Take the medicine after eating dinner.
I need my parents' permission to stay out late.
We ate the rest of the cake.
The students were involved in club activities.
I have a large suitcase in addition to my carry-on bag.
You need to work on your attitude.
My grades are above the national average.
My grandfather grows many kinds of crops in the field.
The science experiment was a success.
We'll take a flight from Narita to Madrid.
Doug is a bad influence on his younger sister.
It's my responsibility to feed the dog.
Education plays an important role in a person's success.
We have to find a solution to the problem.
I searched for the latest techniques on the Internet.
My father cuts down timber in the forest.
A river runs through the valley.
The value of good health is priceless.
A right angle is measured at 90 degrees.
Linda was nervous speaking in front of such a large audience.
He has an excellent educational background.
The universe contains billions of stars.
Please contact your local branch for more information.
The company cafeteria is on the 3rd floor.
The vegetables were put into the plastic container.
His words lost any credit because he often told lies.
I've always had poor eyesight.
It's hard to keep up with the latest fashion.
This smartphone has the latest features.
My camera is out of focus.
Your argument rests on a weak foundation.
The furs are quite expensive.
I have a gap between my two front teeth.
We're having guests over for dinner.
My income increased this year.
I like Japanese food, for instance, sushi and udon.
Melissa studies at Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
This traffic jam is terrible.
The children suffered from malnutrition.
This dressing is basically a mixture of oil and vinegar.
My father served in the navy for 30 years.
There is less oxygen at high altitudes.
I studied French for a short period of time.
What is the purpose of this meeting?
This restaurant has a non-smoking section.
A dog's sense of smell is excellent.
The man was in good shape after leaving the hospital.
The chemical substance burned my fingers.
Show me your best magic trick.
From a practical point of view, I don't think it will work.
The front wheels of the car are stuck.
Who is the author of this novel?
Cash or card?
I received a phone call from my client.
Sally loves shopping for secondhand clothing.
Forest conservation is the organization's main priority.
Please empty the contents of your bag.
The film critic gave the movie four stars.
The 60s was an exciting decade.
Mary has a degree in computer science.
An earthquake is a natural disaster.
It is my duty to help you.
Regular exercise is good for your health.
The greenhouse effect is warming the Earth.
I go back to my hometown every Christmas.
Please stand on the other side.
Rust is caused by a chemical reaction.
The first artificial satellite was launched in 1957.
The Earth is part of the solar system.
You need to learn to be patient.
We should be polite in public places.
The new smartphone is now available.
It is likely to rain.
Your jacket is similar to mine.
If you pass a certain test, you can enter this high school.
English is the common language at our office.
The company made a huge profit on the new product.
The event was highly successful.
Having a sound mind is the key to happiness.
The team was united in its desire to win.
She had various reasons for saying no.
Keeping up with current affairs is tiring.
Global warming is a major issue.
The researchers looked carefully at individual cases.
Smoking has a negative effect on your body.
I love my present job.
Visiting West Africa was a unique experience for me.
Please stop by my office whenever it is convenient for you.
The U.S. President made an official visit to Japan.
Waste in the water has a harmful effect.
The wildcats appear in a particular place.
We need to find a practical use for this device.
The solution was obvious to everyone.
I think I'm just an ordinary guy.
Tina has an academic background in physics.
This machine takes very accurate measurements.
The pyramid was built by an ancient civilization.
Write your answer in the blank space.
When is her baby due?
The factory developed a more efficient manufacturing process.
The school provides an excellent general education.
Making an effort is sometimes more important than having physical ability.
The weather is pleasant today.
My coach gave me positive feedback.
My previous job did not pay very well.
The Internet is not always a reliable source of information.
I finished the rough draft of my book last night.
Martin runs a secondhand bookstore.
The students rebelled against the severe school rules.
Just a tiny amount of the spice will add a lot of flavor.
I keep my valuable possessions in a safe.
My grandfather is a wealthy man.
Solar power is an alternative source of power.
Children are aware that crossing the street can be dangerous.
Safety is our chief concern.
Recently, civil space programs have been making a lot of progress.
A mechanical watch is a complicated device.
In either case, let's call to make sure.
The park protects endangered species.
The politician's extreme opinion made people angry.
The financial sector is experiencing hard times.
Public speaking makes some people very nervous.
This nonprofit organization helps people with disabilities.
The soldiers stood on opposite sides of the battlefield.
Recently, I started jogging.
Actually, I don't really know.
Moreover, no money is required.
I'm rather tired of attending meetings all day.
Unfortunately for her, she lost her wallet.
Education has become increasingly important.
I sincerely hope that you get well soon.
Eventually, the team lost the game.
That's exactly right.
Nearly 300 people came to my cousin's wedding.
The store mainly deals with imported furniture.
It is simply a matter of money.
That was a strange thing to say, indeed.
The economy is growing rapidly.
This must be an especially hard time for you.
We are going to investigate the case further.
I can hardly hear you.
Nevertheless, I appreciate your kindness.
Perhaps you are right.
That's probably true.
Though I was tired, I got up early.
The parents wrapped the presents while the children were sleeping.
You shouldn't go there unless you've been invited.
Come and see me whenever you have a problem.
Provided all goes as expected, our daughter should be born this month.
I'll follow you wherever you go.
She is hardworking, whereas he is lazy.
It's warm here throughout the year.
Let me get back to you concerning your question.
She played a great game despite her injury.
I calculated the cost including tax.
You should check your car's tires before driving for a long distance.
The kids constructed a fort made of cardboard boxes.
We cooperated with him on the project.
Your team depends on you for leadership.
The software detects spelling errors as you write.
We haven't determined a date for our wedding yet.
The menu is being displayed outside of the shop.
Sandra and Mark established a clothing company together.
The school expanded its library.
The boy filled the bucket with water.
The professor forecasted an improvement in the economy.
The pond froze overnight.
I hid my girlfriend's present in the closet.
The engineers invented a new technology.
He murdered the man for money.
Please note that the library closes in five minutes.
20 people participated in the workshop.
Polluting the environment should not be allowed.
The game was postponed due to the rain.
The critic praised the book for its creative writing.
The cooking show promotes healthy eating.
The employees protested their working conditions.
The researchers related the crime increase to poverty.
We caught fish and released them back into the river.
Firefighters rescued the man from the burning building.
I reserved a table for two at the restaurant.
Martha spilled coffee on her white blouse.
It's not a good idea to spoil a child.
After jogging for an hour, my shirt stuck to my skin.
I stretched my arm across the table to get the salt.
After three months, I finally succeeded at finding a job.
You shouldn't waste too much time surfing the Internet.
My friends and I were absorbed in playing the video game.
It takes hard work to achieve a goal.
He finally admitted that he was guilty.
This agreement will advance trade between our two nations.
The noise from my next-door neighbor annoys me.
The mayor appealed to the public for their support regarding the project.
He is attempting to beat the Olympic record.
I was awarded first prize.
The royal wedding was broadcast on TV.
You can cancel your order online.
Let's try to combine theory with practice.
Beethoven composed nine symphonies.
It's easy to confuse a butterfly with a moth.
Water consists of hydrogen and oxygen.
The basement was converted into a bedroom.
The students debated the issue.
The number of students has declined.
The boy didn't want to disappoint his mother.
Let's try not to disturb the neighbors.
He entertained his guests with funny stories.
He estimated the cost to be around 100 dollars.
She expressed confidence in him.
Oil floats on water.
One idea followed another during the meeting.
My father graduated from the university.
I guess she's not coming.
We want to hire a babysitter.
She impressed them with her knowledge.
The technician installed the air conditioner.
The young man interrupted our conversation.
The two countries have maintained good relations.
It takes years to master a musical instrument.
The factory processes a lot of food.
She proposed a new plan.
We purchased a house last year.
The question puzzled me.
After the fire, my father and I rebuilt our old house.
You can refer to the manual for help.
The store refunded my money.
She rejected the job offer.
He replied to my e-mail immediately.
He represented his country proudly.
I can't believe you revealed my secret!
The sun rises in the east.
Smoking is going to ruin my health.
She searched her purse for her phone.
What day suits you the best?
The employees voted whether to change the company rules.
The customer witnessed the robbery.
Advertising accounts for 10% of the company's budget.
We're going to adopt a new approach.
I appreciate your help.
She assigned her best person to the project.
My son doesn't behave properly.
He bored everyone with his long speech.
She burst the balloon with a needle.
I have decided to chase my dreams.
The building is in danger of collapsing.
He committed a serious crime on his birthday.
The brothers competed with each other.
They concluded that the mission was successful.
I called to confirm my flight.
The two sides contracted an agreement.
Cars contribute to global warming.
I convinced him to come with us.
The population of this village has decreased sharply.
I dedicate this book to my wife.
Galileo demonstrated the Earth is not the center of the universe.
He deposited the check into his bank account.
This report deserves your attention.
The police officer directed the traffic.
Sometimes it's hard to distinguish reality from fantasy.
The books were distributed to the students.
The girl earned money selling cookies.
He edited the president's speech.
My coach emphasized the importance of teamwork.
I encountered problems with my computer.
Things went as expected.
Fasten your seat belts, please.
I carefully folded my clothes.
The headphones are guaranteed for one year.
She implied that I was wrong.
This wine was imported from France.
He indicated the place on the map.
We are pleased to inform you of the good news.
I lifted my dog onto the bed.
Load the suitcases into the car.
She married him in Hawaii.
That doesn't matter much.
My boss is monitoring our progress.
The scientists observed the animals.
I obtained the information from the newspaper.
An idea occurred to me.
Nowadays, there are cars that operate on electricity.
Let's pause for one moment.
I posted the picture on the refrigerator.
This training will qualify you for working as a diving instructor.
The water reflected the sunlight.
I enjoy relaxing over a glass of wine in the evening.
He finally repaid the money.
The printer reproduced the picture.
I can't resist chocolate.
My mom retired from her job.
Reverse the order of the cards.
Two men robbed me of my wallet on the dark street.
I rubbed the table with a rag.
He rushed home to see his wife.
The boat will sail for Yokohama tomorrow.
The cat scratched my arm.
She strengthened her resolve to do better.
Disaster struck the city.
The police suspected the man of robbery.
The temperature varies depending on the altitude.
If you abuse your privileges, they will be taken away.
I've accomplished all of my scheduled tasks for the day.
Carpentry requires acquiring practical skills.
I adapted myself to the new environment.
He admired her for her courage.
The father adored his daughters.
They were amazed to hear the news.
I apologized to him for my mistakes.
A problem has arisen about safety.
The police arrested him for theft.
You are expected to assert your opinions.
The baseball team is associated with the company.
I assume that he is wrong.
I sent the image by e-mail.
I hate insects.
A lack of sleep put him in a bad mood.
These contact lenses are blue.
The liquid is red.
She applied for a loan from the bank.
The majority of people support the new law.
The actor avoided publicity about his private life.
The quality of the product is great.
In reality, it's not as easy as it seems.
The moon is a satellite of the Earth.
The situation does not look good.
The soil is rich in nutrients.
The sentence structure is complicated.
The nuclear submarine arrived at the port.
The arrow hit the target.
The consumption tax is eight percent.
The town is promoting tourism.
Our mission is to protect the wildlife of this national park.
The travel agent arranged accommodations for 10 people.
The advertisement is for men's clothing.
The meat is wrapped in aluminum foil.
The brand has been around since 1967.
My mother became a citizen of the United States.
The multinational corporation has offices in five countries.
She had the courage to say no.
Paris is a popular tourist destination.
The stray dog was walking in the same direction as I.
Electronics is a growing industry.
Without exception, every student passed the test.
The dinosaur extinction took place tens of millions of years ago.
The gym and swimming pool are public facilities.
Hard work was the main factor for her success.
He made a habit of exercising in the morning.
Let's go shopping for the ingredients of the cake.
The hospital uses the latest medical instruments.
I recently bought a new laptop.
Canada is a country on a high latitude.
Sally got her driver's license on her birthday.
A good location for building a hotel is next to the river.
The father and son behave in a similar manner.
The factory follows all safety measures.
Everyone knows each other in our neighborhood.
My brother is a police officer.
I had an opportunity to meet my favorite actor.
My father lived in poverty as a child.
Ms. Meyer is the principal of our high school.
The country increased food production the following year.
Being a doctor requires a wide range of knowledge.
My boss answered yes in response to my request.
There is a 500 dollars reward for the completion of the task.
Australia is experiencing a water shortage.
The equipment meets safety standards.
The car thieves were caught by the police.
It's important to keep up the family tradition.
I downloaded the newest version of the software.
The machine measures the temperature with great accuracy.
Please do not interfere with my private affairs.
Judy is a real estate agent.
My wife is a well-respected architect.
My father is an army veteran.
The lead article in the paper was about the incident.
The students are studying various aspects of Japanese culture.
My backpack is quite heavy.
The laboratory is in the basement.
A blade of the fan is broken.
We crossed the border into Canada.
The hotel has a breakfast buffet.
We caught a cab at the train station.
The woman is a candidate for president.
There's a fly on the ceiling.
The detective found a clue to the answer.
My colleagues at my office held a birthday party for me.
The boxer approached the fight with confidence.
Eating rice cakes on New Year's Day is a Japanese custom.
The ship's departure is tomorrow.
We don't know the depth of the lake.
I have no desire to become famous.
I gained some weight so I'm going on a diet.
The personnel director called me into his office.
We have to protect the ecosystem of this forest.
My grandfather is not one to show his emotions.
The general defeated his enemy.
You have to pay an entry fee to go inside.
We received positive feedback from the customers.
Firefighters risk their lives every day.
I'm going to put this picture in a frame.
The surgery should improve the function of his heart.
The parents set up a college fund for their children.
We receive our genes from our parents.
There is a widening gap between younger and older generations.
Air pollution can cause serious harm.
Mary comes from a large household.
I don't like to do housework.
We don't know the impact of video games on children.
I opened the jar of jam.
Melinda works at a research laboratory.
I've been given two choices. I prefer the latter.
The old professor gave his last lecture.
Some turtles can grow up to 1.5 meters in length.
The two countries established trade links.
He studies American literature.
The media is not interested in the issue.
A small minority of students support the new rule.
The national monument was built 50 years ago.
My mom is in a bad mood.
I don't like the up-and-down motion of rollercoasters.
My best friend was injured in a motorcycle accident.
I bought my girlfriend flowers for a special occasion.
Public opinion is divided over the issue.
We have no other option but to cancel the trip.
The people were in a panic after the alarm bell went off.
The jacket has patches on the elbows.
What percentage of the people are smokers?
The car crashed into the telephone pole.
His brother is in prison.
I pulled my car up to the gasoline pump.
The customer bought a large quantity of wine at the store.
We have to protect the tropical rainforests.
The rainstorm continued for days.
We performed without a rehearsal.
Mike has no rhythm when he dances.
McKinley High School is our biggest rival.
The route to the mountain is currently blocked.
The executive earns a high salary.
Dr. Newman is a famous scholar in the field.
We need to improve the security of trains.
I am studying abroad for a semester.
A series of events led to the accident.
Let's meet for a counseling session.
The stock is in the back of the store.
We are running out of storage space.
Give me a summary of the book.
My grandmother had surgery on her knee.
I like red wine at room temperature.
He was president for two terms.
It is high tide right now.
The weather station issued a tornado warning.
She conducted a guided tour of the museum.
My college team won the tournament.
We do a lot of trade with China.
There were many tribes in America in the past.
His dream is taking part in the Paralympics as a wheelchair tennis player.
My roommate speaks with a British accent.
Ms. Smith is my mother's acquaintance.
Most of my family works in agriculture.
I love Japanese animation.
Many of us have anxiety about the future.
I have an appointment with my client today.
There is carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
The city authorities closed the road.
The biography is about George Washington.
She has the brightest brain in this class.
I felt the sea breeze on my face.
The bureau chief changes every three years.
The overall cost of living has gone up.
I take a break at regular intervals.
My family enjoys living a rural life.
Our dog has a serious illness that needs to be treated right away.
Everyone was surprised by the sudden rain shower.
That book is not suitable for children.
A typical American home has a backyard.
The magazine is worth reading.
That dress is not appropriate for a wedding.
Curly hair is a characteristic feature of poodles.
Steven loves classical music.
The city's commercial district is along the river.
Dying is the cruel fate of all living things.
The school is for the physically disabled.
The ending is the most dramatic scene of the movie.
We bought a small economical car.
Bill Gates has an enormous amount of money.
The entire class visited the zoo.
Water is absolutely essential for life.
The dodo bird is an extinct animal.
The hat is made of fake fur.
Our company lets us work flexible hours.
The handbag is made of genuine leather.
The residents are ignorant of the danger of the flood.
She's independent of her parents.
The engine had invisible defects.
My older brother is a mature person.
The military government took over the area by force.
According to the weather report, the minimum temperature last night was three degrees.
This game is of moderate difficulty.
The woman in the painting has a mysterious smile.
You have to be prepared for potential failure.
The relative cost of the item is high.
His behavior is not representative of most athletes.
I have a terrible short-term memory.
She made a significant change to her life.
Police officers have stressful jobs.
We went to see the three-dimensional version of the movie.
The soldiers were willing to follow the general.
It is absurd for the president to fly economy class.
The young lawyer is ambitious.
She increased her annual income by 10%.
The students were anxious about the exam.
It is apparent that he is intelligent.
I want my children to have a bilingual education.
I need to make a brief visit to the post office.
The doctor was young, yet capable.
It is chilly today.
Einstein answered complex mathematical questions.
Please submit a concrete plan with details.
I try to stay conscious of my responsibility.
She is curious about others' lives.
That's a delicate issue we don't talk about.
Dogs are domestic animals.
That was quite a dull movie.
We were very enthusiastic about the show.
The missile caused extensive damage.
He's faithful to his duties.
Megan speaks fluent Japanese.
My dog rarely barks.
The boys accidentally broke the window.
This summer was extremely hot.
The bus left immediately after the people boarded on to it.
Let's go downtown tonight.
How frequently do you drive?
Furthermore, it became very cold.
Close your eyes and breathe out gently.
The economy will gradually improve.
Meanwhile, he ate dinner.
Write it down, otherwise you'll forget it.
We politely declined the invitation.
I am not dressed properly for this event.
Follow the rules accordingly.
The doors opened automatically.
The driver was badly injured in the crash.
Am I going to the party? Definitely!
Work and leisure time are equally important to me.
This wine is fairly good.
It has not rained lately.
He was mentally tired after a long day of classes.
Mostly, I don't drink.
I occasionally visit my uncle.
Possibly she knows about it.
The president called precisely at 10 a.m.
Smoking is strictly prohibited.
I worked very hard and thus succeeded in my career.
The detectives examined the evidence closely.
She's constantly complaining.
The children eagerly asked for more dessert.
I bet you'll like it.
He's bleeding from his nose.
The wind blew away the balloons.
Please breathe in deeply.
His company is burdened with many debts.
They buried a treasure in the ground.
The factory will cease the production of tobacco.
My best friends and I celebrated the New Year together.
The speaker commanded the attention of the room.
We communicate with each other by cell phone.
The company compromised with the union on working conditions.
That date conflicts with another appointment I have.
His coworkers congratulated Dave on his promotion.
The teacher corrected his student.
We decorated the cake with strawberries.
She finally defeated her longtime rival.
The word “humongous” is defined as “very big”.
He delighted her with the present.
The child denied stealing the cookie.
The building was completely destroyed.
My brother and I disagree with each other all the time.
There is no way to eliminate risk completely.
Please don't embarrass me.
We want to enroll our son in a good school.
She exaggerated her story.
He was exhausted from working all day.
The artist exhibited her sculptures.
Our company exports parts to China.
You should not expose so much skin to the sun.
As the years pass, the memories fade.
The audience was fascinated by the story.
The music fits the occasion perfectly.
The men flattered her with compliments.
The ministers formulated an economic policy.
Don't hesitate to ask me if you need anything.
The mother hugged her child tightly.
The boy imitated his older brother's way of walking.
I inserted my key into the lock.
My son insisted on following me yesterday.
The police officer instructed us to leave our home.
Please don't interfere with my work.
It is difficult to interpret a person's facial expressions.
The police officers investigated the cause of the car accident.
We cannot justify murder.
They launched the rocket into space.
The store lowered the price of its goods.
You must obey the law.
The bathroom is currently occupied.
Don't overdo exercising.
The angry man overturned his chair.
I owe my friend 50 dollars.
I packed a suitcase for my trip.
Just pile the books onto the floor.
The old man polished my shoes.
Swimming in the lake is strictly prohibited.
The dog was punished for biting the furniture.
The door rattled during the storm.
They recalled their schooldays together.
I've yet to fully recover from my cold.
We recycle our old newspapers.
I often refresh myself with a glass of beer after work.
She regretted the mean things that she said to her brother.
She closely resembled her mother in character.
The student resolved to study harder.
Sam responded to the teacher's question.
The government restricted the sales of guns.
Please review the document again.
My editor revised my article.
She carefully roasted the coffee beans.
The merry-go-round is a circular platform that rotates.
The employee sacrificed his free time for the company.
Your application satisfies all of the requirements.
She sealed the envelope with glue.
Let's settle this argument right now.
The kids smashed the window with a rock.
The secretary sorted his boss's mail.
I split the logs into two with an axe.
She stirred her coffee after putting milk and sugar into it.
The people struggled against the injustice.
The committee submitted a report on the environment.
The injured player was substituted with a healthy one.
The government suppressed human rights.
The criminals surrendered to the police.
We forced our dog to swallow the pill.
The smell tempted us to enter the restaurant.
The robber threatened the people in the bank with a gun.
Grandma will be thrilled to hear the news.
Make sure you tighten the cap on the bottle before putting it back into the fridge.
I traced the history of my family back by five generations.
Your assignment is to translate the English text into Japanese.
The man was trapped in a cave for two days.
I undertook the task of fixing the shelf on the wall.
Her teacher urged her to continue studying.
The airplane vanished into the clouds.
The young man vomited after drinking all night.
We wandered around the park for an hour.
She waved her handkerchief at me.
The construction workers widened the road.
I withdrew 50 dollars from my bank account.
We spent the evening wrapping Christmas presents.
Let me accompany you to your hotel.
The woman accused her husband of selfishness.
I anticipated that it would rain, so I brought an umbrella with me today.
The boss approved the plan.
Don't blame him for the mistake.
I'm sorry to bother you, but could you open the window?
He confessed to me that he doesn't like my cooking.
Spain conquered South America about 500 years ago.
The prisoner declared his innocence.
I deleted the files from my computer.
The government deprived him of his rights.
The researcher derived a conclusion from several facts.
She devoted herself to her studies.
The engineers dismissed the idea as impossible.
Do not dump any waste into the river.
I can't endure his rudeness.
It's her job to enforce the law.
The pipeline will ensure a steady supply of oil.
The motorist exceeded the speed limit.
It's difficult to forgive your enemies.
Dolphins inhabit this area.
The teacher has inspired others to learn.
Lay the sweaters neatly on the shelf.
The birds migrated to warmer areas.
Don't neglect to water the plants.
I was offended by her words.
I perceived a change in his mood.
Children possess great imaginations.
We went to the city hall to register the name of our new company.
I exercise to relieve stress.
The president resigned after the scandal.
He seldom scolds his children.
My brother is seeking employment.
That sweater may shrink if it is washed.
The recipe requires soaking bread in milk.
The boxers stared at each other.
If you don't eat, you will starve to death.
We no longer subscribe to a newspaper.
The former employee sued the company for damages.
Windmills transform wind into energy.
The technology utilizes waste materials.
The patient suffers from cancer.
The school hall has a capacity of 500 people.
She chose a medical career.
The miners explored the cave.
This year the world championship will be held in France.
Our employees are required to get a medical checkup every year.
I remember going camping with my family in my childhood.
I hate doing daily chores.
Depending on the circumstances, I may decide to take part in the meeting.
Humans belong to the classification of mammals.
The claws of the eagle are very sharp.
Seeing my friend at the event was an unexpected coincidence.
The manager made a comment on an article about our company.
The budget committee approved the plan.
My dog is my favorite traveling companion.
Our city council held a big meeting last week.
The restaurant serves authentic Korean cuisine.
The racecourse has several tight curves.
The business owner is in debt.
My height puts me at a disadvantage in basketball.
Racial discrimination should not be allowed.
He lives on the edge of town.
The publisher released the second edition of my book.
The governor declared a state of emergency.
The scientist wrote an essay on environmental pollution.
He purchased the sports car at a great expense.
The player gained a lot of fame after his team won the game.
A famine broke out.
The round-trip fare is six dollars.
We had a farewell party for Mary.
It's your fault.
I think you should return her favor.
Of all his fellows, Tom is the smartest.
This material contains cotton fibers.
Sherlock Holmes is one of the greatest detectives in fiction.
Competitive swimmers have good figures.
The fireworks start at 8 p.m.
Physical fitness is something I take seriously.
This candy has artificial flavors.
This fish has many bones and little flesh.
The recipe calls for two cups of flour.
Birds often fly in a formation.
This research will extend the frontiers of science.
I attended my grandmother's funeral.
Newton discovered the law of gravity.
The commission issued guidelines on food safety.
Many animal habitats are in danger.
My family overcame economic hardship.
The baseball player had the honor of meeting the President.
To my horror, my child was covered in mud.
A lion's instinct is to hunt.
The insurance paid for my medical bills.
My intention is to take the job.
The interaction between the students was friendly.
My stock investment is doing well.
That's an important issue.
He gave words of justice and reason in his speech.
The statue is a famous landmark.
The landscape of Switzerland is very beautiful.
The driver of the car quickly changed lanes.
I recommend you consult a lawyer.
The school improved under the leadership of the new principal.
My grandmother told me an old Japanese legend.
You can download and watch the movie at your own leisure.
I can't understand the logic of physics at all.
I only brought one piece of luggage for my trip.
The actor enjoyed the luxury of traveling in a private jet.
She put on makeup before going out.
A dolphin is a marine mammal.
The instruction manual is not very clear.
Do you know the meaning of life?
He is a person of merit.
He became a millionaire at 25.
The mines are rich in minerals.
John has a son who is just like him in miniature.
The prime minister resigned from his position.
Her mission in life was to serve the poor.
Clear communication helps to avoid misunderstandings.
Helping people is his motivation for becoming a doctor.
The modern German nation is less than 200 years old.
Toothpaste is a daily necessity.
Through negotiation we reached a compromise.
It is important for children to get enough nutrition from school lunches.
Veronica defeated her opponent in chess.
“Gladiator” is a word of Latin origin.
The bicycle path goes past my house.
Michelangelo lived at the peak of the Renaissance.
Shooting stars are a natural phenomenon.
My philosophy of life is to always stay positive.
Please study these ten French phrases.
I went to see a physician in the morning.
Her major is physics.
Dale grew up on the plains of Texas.
Winston Churchill was a conservative politician.
I gave a portion of my money to charity.
My shop was featured in the local press.
All the parks in the city are public property.
A large proportion of the population lives in the cities.
Divide the cake into quarters.
We will send your package immediately after the receipt of payment.
You must follow the traffic regulations.
She built a reputation as a good manager.
The French Revolution was quite violent.
The salesperson offered a discount.
That cut will leave a scar on your arm.
I enjoyed the scenery during the train ride.
I love the scent of roses.
She received a scholarship from the university.
I enjoy the sensation of floating in water.
I don't like shellfish.
I had my sight tested by the eye doctor.
The human skeleton has 206 bones.
I expressed my sorrow at the sad news.
Here is a souvenir of my trip to Hokkaido.
The square of 7 is 49.
The broadcast studio is in the basement.
This bus goes to the suburbs of Paris.
The singer paid a huge sum in taxes.
The summit was held in Geneva.
Let's enjoy the natural surroundings.
The dove is a symbol of peace.
His shirt tail was out of his pants.
The laboratory technician explained the results.
Todaiji Temple is located in Nara.
I can feel the tension in the room.
The territory is owned by the United States.
The new mayor improved transportation in the city.
The analyst predicted the economic trend.
The only way to succeed is by trial and error.
The peace-keeping troops arrived yesterday.
He played the tune on his guitar.
Women and children were the victims of the war.
I was infected with the flu virus.
That child has a large vocabulary.
The computer processed a large volume of data.
The government raised the minimum wage.
We stood before the field of wheat.
You should wash and clean your wound.
My ancestors came to America many years ago.
I have no appetite for dessert.
The performers received a loud applause from the audience.
Let's split the bill.
She received her teaching certificate from the school.
The Supreme Court makes many decisions.
I don't recommend investing in foreign currency.
The definition is in the dictionary.
I cannot make the distinction between the twins who go to my school.
I made that drawing when I was a boy.
Luckily, no one was hurt in the explosion.
The magician performed an optical illusion.
We will know the outcome of the election tomorrow.
The street is only open to pedestrians.
The perfume of these flowers is overwhelming.
In principle, I support your decision.
I try to keep the same routine every day.
It is not good to spread rumors.
Sneezing is a symptom of a cold.
Every man has his vices and his virtues.
The youth are bursting with vitality.
I am fortunate to have such good friends.
Please handle this package with care because it's fragile.
He is generous with his money.
Taiwan is hot and humid.
She is the ideal person for the job.
He was arrested for illegal possession of firearms.
The imperial family lives in Tokyo.
I like barbeques because they are informal and relaxing.
He is jealous of his sister.
He is researching linguistic development in children.
When I opened the window, moist air came into the room.
Many people work at the nuclear power plant.
My uncle is an odd character.
I like to wear old-fashioned clothes.
The farmer grows organic vegetables.
Please write your permanent address.
I have precious memories of visiting my grandmother's house.
The pregnant woman sat down.
The issue is a matter of prime importance.
I always try to be a punctual guest.
The chef prepared the raw fish.
I bought this jacket at a reasonable price.
The regional government decided to raise taxes.
I respect your religious beliefs.
He gave a rude reply to my question.
Water is scarce in this area.
You can enjoy seasonal fruits and vegetables.
Don't be a selfish child.
Bob is a senior manager in the company.
Babies have sensitive skin.
Let's hope for a stable economy.
I'm lucky to have a steady job.
This dish has subtle flavors.
These leather goods are of superior quality.
The police were suspicious of the man.
My father is not a talkative person.
Be careful with those toxic chemicals.
I was a troublesome child for my parents.
That newspaper is not a trustworthy source of information.
There was one vacant seat on the bus.
He gave a vague answer to the question.
Gasoline is a fossil fuel.
We have adequate food for two.
She gave her husband an affectionate hug.
I have an awful cold.
This is a critical moment for our country.
Someone is spreading false information.
The house shook during the furious storm.
I used a ruler to draw a horizontal line.
Everyone feels inferior to others at times.
The innocent man was released from jail.
I try to keep my room neat.
Neither side was satisfied.
Switzerland is a neutral nation.
The horse is a noble animal.
The researcher studied the primitive drawings.
My grandmother lives on a remote island.
I enjoy the urban life.
The ocean seemed to stretch out endlessly before the sailors.
Kolkata was formerly known as Calcutta.
Go ahead and speak frankly.
The cheetah runs incredibly fast.
Initially, I rejected the offer.
He proudly showed us his gold medal.
It's not good to repeatedly make the same mistakes.
I seldom watch television.
My son is slightly taller than me.
I somehow managed to finish all my homework by 6 p.m.
Technically, riding a bicycle without a light is illegal.
The product is temporarily unavailable.
He was merely trying to help.
We will carry out the plan as soon as we are ready.
I warned Mike that it was dangerous to travel alone, but it was in vain.
Good instructions should be short and to the point.
It's up to you whether we go ahead with this plan or not.
Akira was born and brought up in the United States, so he has no problems with English.
I wish the company would do away with ties altogether.
It took Mary a long time to get over the death of her husband.
I took Jim to a restaurant in return for helping me.
We are not allowed to smoke while on duty.
I don't believe that he broke the windows on purpose.
The trains are running on schedule.
A doctor and nurse were standing by at the stadium to take care of any injured athletes.
Jeff really takes after his grandfather.
When I looked at her, she turned her face away from me.
The board members turned down Jim's proposal, because it was not thoroughly thought out.
She turned up at the party, wearing a showy dress.
We had to call off our trip to Okinawa because of the typhoon.
Fill out this form and hand it to the receptionist.
Jonathan went through a month of hard training before he became a firefighter.
Take an umbrella with you in case it rains.
He studied hard to make up for lost time.
These days, all he does is use the computer in his room.
This job is a piece of cake.
Above all, people should avoid spending a long time staring at a computer or video display.
As for me, I prefer dogs.
The staff let the audience into the theater 50 at a time.
He is a very good instructor, so before long your son will be able to skate quite well.
I was on a train bound for Tokyo.
Several students saw the man break into the jewelry shop.
The couple broke up a week ago.
I met my high school classmate on the train by accident.
We'd better check in quickly.
I've just come across a beautiful poem in this book.
Tim came up with a good idea for improving customer service.
The car sped through the intersection and ended up hitting another car.
Hanako folded up the bath towels and put them away.
Are you going to stay there for long?
He went to the United States for good.
The committee gave the plan its approval, so we're going to go ahead with it.
Their departure was held up by bad weather.
He described the accident in detail.
Would you mind attending tomorrow's meeting in place of the supervisor?
Is there anywhere we can speak in private?
In short, you should break up with him.
The shopping center is being built in spite of their protests.
From the train I could see many fields in the distance.
In the meantime she got over her illness.
We are in the middle of a traffic jam.
Jane needed to go to the bathroom badly but all the toilets were in use.
I can't trust Sam at all. He never keeps his word.
The government has laid down new rules about smoking.
The firm has been badly hit by the recession, and it seems inevitable that a large number of employees will have to be laid off.
I look up to my parents.
Bob is still in his early teens, but he has already decided to major in anthropology at college.
Though he is very busy with his work, Ted makes time to work out every evening.
Eleven players make up a soccer team.
He traveled near and far in the search for his lost brother.
He's not my friend. On the contrary, he's my enemy.
I write letters to my parents once in a while.
He ate one cookie after another.
I pass by that coffee shop every day.
There were so many nice blouses that it was hard for me to pick out one.
Could you point out Mr. Stevenson to me?
They pulled off a victory.
Don't forget to put the fire out before you go to bed.
The small boy reached out for his mother.
He referred to his notes many times during his speech.
That rich boy loves to show off his sports car.
Only a few people showed up for her farewell party.
Mr. Rogers stood in for the president while he was away.
The hotel is a sixty-story building and it really stands out.
The waiter came to take away the empty plates.
I rarely turn on the radio.
You need to back up your ideas with facts.
Akiko only moved to New York a few months ago, so she isn't used to living there yet.
That is a shipment consisting of farm products.
Ann, you can always count on me when you're in trouble.
We should not look down on any person, no matter what their job.
I am going to make do with my old computer for a while.
Her handwriting is terrible, not to mention her spelling.
I ran to the station as fast as I could, only to miss the train.
If you stick to your diet, you're sure to lose weight.
He wants to take over our oil business.
There is no point in worrying too much about the future.
I have to turn in this report by Wednesday.
The man we met yesterday turned out to be Mary's father.
You will be paid by the hour.
You should know better than to say such a thing to her.
A great idea occurred to me.
Would you be so kind as to help me carry these boxes?
I can't look up the word, because I don't have a dictionary at hand.
He is a man of his word.
The store sells a wide range of goods.
How do you account for your repeated absences from work?
The plane arrived at the airport 30 minutes ahead of schedule.
This TV drama is aimed at elderly people.
Rehabilitation is given to the patient along with medicine.
The second house around the corner is Jenny's home.
As a rule, we don't return application forms.
As a matter of fact, I am on a diet.
As far as I know, she has never been abroad.
The items we would like to order are as follows.
It looks as if it is going to rain.
It takes at least 30 minutes to get to the station.
They look similar at a distance, but you will find them to be quite different when you see them close-up.
Sam made up his mind to carry out the project at any cost.
The TV news reported that an escaped prisoner was at large in the town.
Please return the library book at your earliest convenience.
I picked up three books at random.
She is out at the moment.
At times, I miss my friends in my hometown.
He was anxiously pacing back and forth in the living room.
Harriet was about to leave home when the phone rang.
Michael was so excited that he was at a loss for words.
I was not aware of any new changes to the school rules.
The novel is based on a real story.
We are bound to be late.
My husband is fed up with having pizza every day.
I am sick of crowded trains.
I am worried about you.
He found out that his wife had been complaining about him behind his back.
I wouldn't bet on it.
A fire broke out in a factory near my house.
The politician broke with his party.
His carelessness brought about the traffic accident.
The ringing of the telephone brought her back to reality.
Deflation has been bringing down prices.
He was brought in as a school counselor.
I want to brush up on my English.
The player burned out at an early age.
She burst into tears and ran out of the room.
My parents are happy that I'm marrying Kate by and large.
I met an old friend by chance while I was jogging in the park.
We express our thoughts by means of language.
Graduating from college is by no means a simple matter.
We have to submit a report by the end of the week.
The teacher called in a doctor.
I don't think this trend will catch on.
I caught sight of her in the station yesterday.
She changed her mind and canceled the appointment.
Let's check out of the hotel early and get on the road by 7:00.
The price of electric cars is expected to come down greatly in the future.
It came to light that she was cheating during the exam.
Their electric supply was cut off because they had not paid their bill for months.
My brother and I disagree on everything.
Human beings cannot do without clean water.
It took three months to draw up the plan.
The delay in the flight's departure was due to a severe snowstorm in the area.
You will have a second chance even if you fail this exam.
I have wanted to be a baseball player ever since I was seven.
We need to find out the cause of the accident.
Let's eat out for a change.
We haven't seen Carlos for ages.
I don't know for certain how he made his fortune.
He repaired my glasses for free.
Would you like a drink? For instance, tea or coffee?
It is called NASA for short.
No one knows for sure if he will show up.
Mr. Parker decided to quit his job for the sake of his family.
I plan to stay in this town for the time being.
I have trouble getting by on my small salary.
The rain can get in through the open windows.
I couldn't get to the bus on time because someone got in my way.
I have to give the report in by Friday.
The marathon runner glanced at her wrist watch.
She went against her father's wishes.
Mike went over the plans again and discovered two mistakes.
That hat goes with your shirt.
This old vase has been handed down through my family for generations.
Mr. Smith has told us that we need to hand in our report by tomorrow.
Hang on to your ticket or you won't be able to get back in.
I have to take care of my baby, so I must hang up now.
The manufacturer is having second thoughts about launching a new version of the game.
If you are heading for the mountains, watch out for the ice on the road.
You can find sushi bars here and there in New York.
How did you hit on the right solution so quickly?
Would you please hold the line for a few seconds?
He has won five championships in a row. I think he'll win this year as well.
Please let us know at least two weeks in advance if you are going to cancel the trip.
In case of fire, use the fire extinguisher.
Mr. Robert is in charge of this project.
In contrast to last winter, we had heavy snowfall this winter.
Many languages are in danger of extinction around the world.
We don't have enough time to discuss the topic in depth today.
In general, women live longer than men.
This new library was built in honor of the university's founder.
Is there anything in particular that you would like for dinner?
Make sure that the tools are in place.
My father is open with his feelings in public.
I am writing to you in regard to your request for information.
The number you have reached is not in service.
In terms of getting the best performance, training is the most vital.
We are in the dark as to why he left home suddenly.
I didn't want to come to this party in the first place.
I arrived just in time for dinner.
I got in trouble because I had lost my passport.
Would you keep an eye on my suitcase?
I use e-mail to keep in touch with my father, who is staying in the United States.
The park keeper told the children to keep off the grass.
Is the clock keeping time?
The village residents have been keeping up the tradition.
I was kicked out of the apartment.
Some people read books on the train to kill time.
I didn't know of that actor.
The food was laid out for the picnic.
John had already left for school when we arrived at his house.
The company left some important details out of the report.
I can't speak English, let alone French.
I lay down on the sofa and took a nap.
The money Gary earns is not enough for his family to live on.
Old people have a tendency to long for their youth.
I looked through the manual.
Diana often has to look up new words in the dictionary.
They lost their way on the mountain.
Too much drinking makes for a bad liver.
Stop making fun of me!
We made our way to the summit.
Can you make sense of this sentence?
I can't make up my mind on which car to buy.
The best way to make up with her is to say you're sorry.
To meet our customers' needs, we need to keep on developing new products.
Let's move on to the next topic.
The speed of modern aircraft means we no longer have to take long journeys.
We get no more than 10 minutes to perform.
This new tool is of no practical use.
No wonder she looks so depressed, as her father just passed away.
It's none of your business.
It was nothing less than a miracle.
Now that I have a family, I have to work hard.
On average, women have a better sense of rhythm than men.
I've been playing in a band on and off for several years.
The company has put a hybrid car on the market.
The city is on the move thanks to its computer industry.
He faced financial difficulties, but on the other hand he learned a lot from them.
He was poor and, on top of that, very sick.
Once upon a time there was a beautiful princess.
Let's discuss these issues one by one.
Rick is the only person I can open my heart to.
The TV news says the forest fire is completely out of control.
I can't buy a drink because the vending machine is out of order.
I need to start exercising because I'm really out of shape.
That album is out of stock.
We were delayed owing to the heavy snow at the airport.
My grandfather had been ill for some time and passed away last week.
I made up my mind to quit the job because it didn't pay well.
The traffic accident happened because the driver paid no attention to the traffic light.
When I went to Boston on business, I paid a visit to my grandmother.
The policeman told me to pull my car over.
All of the team members pulled together and finally won a game.
Ed took a clock apart for curiosity, but could not put it back together.
Melissa put an end to her younger brothers' quarrel.
She decided to put her work aside and have a rest.
My mother told me to put the dishes away in the cupboard.
We don't have to put up with his selfishness.
Please refrain from smoking on the university grounds.
You can't rely on this photocopy machine. It gets broken too often.
The song always reminds Charlie of his school days.
The driver nearly ran over a pedestrian.
Why don't we run through the play one more time before the real performance?
Fortunately, our son was found safe and sound.
These days, I see less of her.
We sent out invitations to our customers.
The owner showed us to the house.
Please sit back and enjoy the show.
She sat up all night attending to her sick mother.
I have saved one thousand dollars so far this year.
I don't want to speak ill of Jack but he should help us more.
Could you speak up, please? I can't hear you.
If I were you, I wouldn't stand for such an insult.
You can start up the computer by pushing this button.
You shouldn't stay out so late.
Take a deep breath and relax.
You shouldn't take your parents for granted.
He was promoted because his boss took account of his contribution to the project.
Mr. Suzuki took charge of our class.
Because Chris was sick, Pat took his place.
Take your time before you make a final decision.
It is my job to take out garbage.
She took pains to make the party successful.
She decided to take up sailing.
People tend to use air conditioning more than before, which leads to global warming.
Singing karaoke was the last thing I expected him to do.
The history teacher gave the students ten minutes to think over their answers.
Tim drank too much and threw up.
To my regret, I didn't have enough time to visit Nara while I was in Kyoto.
There is no evidence to the contrary.
It was touch and go whether I would pass the exam.
We tried out a new product.
Don't forget to turn off the heater before you leave.
Be careful not to use up all of your money.
The soles of your shoes are going to wear out sooner or later.
That's what is called omiai in Japanese.
When it comes to learning foreign languages, nothing is as good as studying abroad.
Fred was able to solve the problem with ease.
She started dancing with pleasure.
You have to work out the answer yourself.
Most of the complaints about the product were about the package rather than the product itself.
Ms. Brown accused the boy of copying another student's homework.
The damage from the earthquake is expected to amount to at least 68 billion yen.
In order to apply for this job, please fill out the enclosed form.
You will pass the exam as long as you study hard.
This new computer is capable of processing images very fast.
How about that Italian restaurant? Their pizza is free of charge today.
It will be my first time to be involved in volunteer activities.
I'm sure of your innocence, for you were here when the crime took place.
She is by far the fastest runner in our class.
The game will be over by the time we arrive at the ballpark.
The new manager coped with a difficult situation.
I am going to drop her a line this evening.
I go swimming every other day.
She is far from happy.
I couldn't get out of bed for fear that I might awaken my wife.
I had a great difficulty in writing this report in English.
Money has little to do with happiness.
The patient has little hope of recovery.
If he were to come, would you tell him to wait?
It is worth while visiting Rome at least once in your lifetime.
Judging from the way she talks, she seems older than she looks.
We looked back on our high school days.
He looked into booking flights for the holiday.
Kate could not make herself heard during the meeting.
His essays are no less interesting than his novels.
No sooner had we gotten outside than it stopped raining.
The report should be not less than 300 words long.
Our marriage brought nothing but sadness.
He lent me the money on the condition that I pay it back in a month.
It is out of the question to buy a new house.
Did you pay the money back to him?
I'll go skiing with you provided that you teach me how to do it.
I'd like to take back all the terrible things I said about you.
There is little doubt that this school is the best in this neighborhood.
There is no knowing where he is living now.
The novel has been translated into more than 10 languages.
During my stay there, I turned to Bill for help.
I would rather stay home and relax.
Cigarette smoke is harmful to nonsmokers as well as smokers.
According to the graph, which of the following statements is most accurate?
The damage caused by the typhoon adds up to 100 million yen.
All at once the fire alarm began to ring.
I had to stand on the train all the way from Tokyo to Shizuoka.
We should allow for some delay.
My uncle sells old furniture, secondhand clothes, and so forth.
I turned in the report, though it was anything but satisfactory.
As a result, family members may grow distant from each other.
As is often the case with Peter, he took a wrong train.
As time went by, they began to regain a sense of self-confidence.
I'm curious as to why they got divorced after a few years.
At any rate, we should have another meeting before we make the final decision.
Are you done with your homework?
Because I was so absorbed in the book, I missed my bus stop.
He is acquainted with Ken.
In fact, I'm not so concerned with world politics.
Her conduct is not consistent with what she says.
George, you're convinced of Tom's innocence, aren't you?
Their offer was correspondent with our demand.
Helen is really cut out for the advertising job, isn't she?
His life was devoted to helping the poor.
Betty is very active and eager to get more friends on the Net.
No matter what business you are engaged in, you must be sincere.
What is ten dollars equivalent to in Japanese currency?
Mr. Grey, whom I stayed with, is familiar with Japanese customs.
Some children can't be independent of their parents.
Though Eric likes to keep his room neat, he is indifferent to what he wears.
Good training is indispensable for all employees.
We can't easily predict which places are most liable to be hit by earthquakes.
The cost of cell phones is likely to fall in the near future.
A honeybee can tell other bees where a food source is located by its dance.
He was obliged to start work at 9 a.m. every day.
Don't worry. It's on me tonight.
These words are peculiar to Australians.
We are positive of winning.
Yuki's father was at first reluctant to let her go abroad.
Prices are subject to change without notice.
The report is supposed to be turned in tomorrow morning.
What the critic said is particularly true of Picasso's work.
A traffic safety campaign is underway this month.
Ann had a hard time when she was young, but now she is well off.
For this job, we're looking for someone who is willing to work on weekends.
We had it fixed a few weeks ago, but it has already broken down again.
Our company brought out a new magazine.
The children burst out laughing when they saw the clown.
Bill told me to finish the work by all means before Friday.
The number of children is decreasing by degrees here in Japan.
My grandmother is by nature a very gentle person.
We drove the car by turns from Tokyo to Nagoya.
The president was able to call off the project by virtue of his office.
If Mr. Kato calls on me, please tell him I'll be back by five o'clock.
We must learn to care for the elderly in a tender, loving way.
The children carried on talking even after the teacher entered the room.
In some countries, food production has not caught up with population growth.
How did the explosion come about?
The Christmas season has come around again.
Spare parts for this type of PC are very difficult to come by.
It matters little who answers the question as long as the truth comes out.
Contrary to their expectations, Simon's parents were disappointed when he lost the game.
You should cut down on smoking.
The store is very popular because it deals in a variety of furniture.
The book I bought yesterday deals with the famous sculptures of my favorite artist.
Why did the dinosaurs die out?
Would you do me a favor?
Taking a walk regularly will do you a lot of good.
You had better not read those books, as they will only do you harm.
He dropped in at his friend's house on the way home.
Joe got injured and had to drop out in the middle of the race.
That method could end up with a worse result.
This train is not equipped with an air conditioner.
It's a pity that New Year's Day falls on Sunday next year.
I don't feel like speaking with her at all.
I can't figure out what young people are thinking.
That mother-in-law always finds faults with her daughter-in-law.
For all their hard work, the company still went bankrupt.
Please try to study harder from now on.
Generally speaking, the climate of Japan is mild.
Are you getting along with your new friends?
His way of speaking got on my nerves.
A major problem facing many societies is how to get rid of waste.
Why don't you give it a try?
Their efforts gave birth to great success.
Ellen gave in to her father's request and went to college.
We should not give way to our impulses of the moment.
I am willing to go along with your proposal.
He went into the details of the contract.
My alarm clock failed to go off this morning.
The company went out of business.
Are you really going to go through with your plan?
We walked hand in hand along the beach.
He handed out tissues on the street corner.
Hang in there! It won't be long.
I happened to see a picture of him in the paper.
I have nothing in common with John.
Could you have a look at my essay for me?
The operator asked me to hold on for a moment.
I can hold my breath for two minutes.
She never gives up in the face of adversity.
I changed my mind in light of her comments.
In comparison with Japan, the cost of food in the U.S. is low.
He is in a sense an artist.
Please carry out the work in accordance with the plan.
In addition to being intelligent, he is a good athlete.
In effect, what he said means nothing.
She gave me some CDs in exchange for helping her.
Many countries dropped socialism in favor of a market economy.
Please arrange the books on the shelf in order.
He is really fun. In other words, he is a clown.
The actress looks younger in person than on screen.
In principle, it is not a good idea to go out after dark.
I have no objection in relation to that point.
Many people came here in search of gold.
How do you keep in shape?
This plan is a good idea in the long run.
She is likely to stand in the way of your marriage.
They made presentations in turn at the conference.
It goes without saying that health is very important.
It's no use arguing with him. He's made up his mind.
It's high time that you got a job.
Please keep this lesson in mind.
Meg, are you still keeping company with that man?
It is difficult to keep track of time.
He found it difficult to keep up with the latest technology.
She is very rich and lacks for nothing.
Go away and leave me alone.
I'm sorry to let you down.
I told him to let go of my arm.
She is studying hard to live up to her parents' expectations.
Please look out for pickpockets.
Mr. Adams looked over my essay.
He made a final decision on which house to buy.
You must not make a fool of others.
The shirts are made from 100% cotton.
I made a mistake on the contract.
We often made believe that we were cowboys.
The note was written so badly that I couldn't make out what it said.
The new plan makes no sense at all.
Please make sure not to leave anything behind.
I made use of my father's old coat.
She managed to get concert tickets.
The young man knows little of his own country, and much less of foreign countries.
You should be kind to other people, much more to your own family.
Needless to say, I will help you anytime.
I cook for myself now and then.
He resigned on account of illness.
On behalf of the company, I would like to thank all of you for coming today.
You have to show your passport on demand in foreign countries.
She runs the restaurant on her own though she is still young.
On second thought, let's not go to the movies. Let's stay home.
She decided to marry him on the spot.
The movie I saw yesterday was, on the whole, very good.
She always arrives on time.
I told him once and for all that we were finished.
This phone is out of date.
I owe my success to my mother.
He played a very important role in getting this contract.
We are ready to put the plan into practice.
She put down the story while it was fresh in her mind.
The athletic meeting was put off due to rain.
Their attempt resulted in failure.
I ran into my old friend when I was out shopping yesterday.
Oh, I've run out of paper. Do you have some I can use?
She set about finding a new apartment in Tokyo.
They set out to establish their own business.
This design company was set up by three friends.
He decided to get married and settle down.
The couple walked side by side.
She signed up for a course in Chinese.
He is, so to speak, the Edison of Japan.
He will clean up his room sooner or later.
I stayed up late to finish homework last night.
Please stop by when you are in my neighborhood.
The teacher summed up the lesson in a few minutes.
Mr. Brown is often taken for a student because he looks so young.
The Canadian government took action to preserve the country's forests.
We took advantage of the fine weather to go to the beach.
You should not have taken on that big job.
I took part in the local festival.
When will the party take place?
I couldn't tell the real diamond from the fake one.
The chances are that he will win a gold medal.
I agree with him to a great extent.
He can speak English and Chinese, to say nothing of Japanese.
We were lucky to some extent because of the diminishing value of the yen.
You should not hold the box upside down.
You should watch out for traffic when you cross the street.
That is true with respect to Japan.
Dr. Miller has been working on finding a cure for AIDS.
They'll never yield to force.
