index of 1qe
According to her letter, her business is thriving in Australia.
She ground some fresh beans to make coffee.
Any cellphone found on school premises was automatically confiscated.
Many English words are derived from Latin.
Even though he detested broccoli, his wife often served it.
The comedian made his name by mocking politicians and other powerful figures.
The students were bored but some tried to feign interest.
They tried to elicit an answer from the little boy, but he refused to speak.
The spy was apprehended as he tried to leave the country.
His family commiserated with him when he failed to get the job.
One could condone his mistake, but not his arrogance.
For many people, the band's music epitomized the spirit of the 1960s.
The exchange rate between yen and dollars has fluctuated wildly all year.
I agreed to forgo my bonus to help the company face its financial crisis.
At the crime scene, police frisked each suspect to ensure that none of them had any concealed weapons.
When living in a remote area of Alaska, I was completely insulated from the real world.
The company announced yesterday that it was going to liquidate its assets.
The view from this road is beautiful as it meanders through the mountains.
The man advised his wife not to meddle in her friend's marriage.
She pampered her pet cat with expensive foods such as smoked salmon.
Over breakfast, he perused a copy of the local newspaper.
Her persistent complaints began to pique many of her colleagues.
The professor accused the student of plagiarizing an essay from the Internet.
We stood on the shore and watched the sea gulls plummet toward the sea in search of fish.
Critics said the comedian just rehashed old jokes for his new show.
A tiny chip was implanted in the animal so that they could track it.
Children in Catholic schools are indoctrinated in Catholic beliefs.
The teacher inculcated patriotism into his students.
I asked her to enlighten me as to what had happened during my absence.
The policy proved impossible to implement and so was abandoned.
All new employees are required to undergo a medical examination.
The new king was easily manipulated by his advisers into doing what they wanted.
In his speech, he failed to address the criticisms that had been aimed at him.
The engineers had to fabricate a temporary, emergency bridge over the river.
The new literacy program will be administered by a group of NGOs.
In the 1960s President John F. Kennedy enacted a number of civil rights laws.
We needed to duplicate the video so we could show it to several groups.
The politician orchestrated a smear campaign against his rival.
The prime minister announced that he would inaugurate a new policy on education.
Despite numerous disappointments, the scientist persisted until he found a cure.
His recent novel will certainly enhance his literary reputation.
The early morning jog refreshed and invigorated her.
Recently, it is customary to fortify milk with vitamin D.
The company had to expedite the development of the new product to meet demand.
The President's speech was intended to galvanize his public support.
The government has recently taken steps to bolster market confidence.
Many people barely get enough food to sustain their health.
I recently found a new book that facilitated my grasp of quantum mechanics.
He supplemented his income from the university by writing articles.
The company subsidizes my monthly rent.
The law was amended to take into account new developments in biotechnology.
By the time the mistake was discovered, it was too late to rectify the official report.
The tennis player agreed to endorse the company's products in return for a large fee.
The teacher exhorted the students to prepare for the final exam.
The company was coerced into paying a higher tax rate by the corrupt government.
The students implored the teachers to make the examination easier.
The head of the hospital said he would instigate an investigation into the doctor's conduct.
The economic turmoil in Southeast Asia may trigger chaos elsewhere.
The leaders tried to incite the crowd to violence.
The General mustered all the forces for an early-morning attack.
The most distinguished people at the conference extolled his contribution.
She strove to emulate her mother's example in her personal life.
Enticed by the air-conditioning, he entered the store.
Dazzled by the man's charm, the woman eventually agreed to a date.
Vegetable seeds begin to sprout in my garden in April.
As the market for exotic spices burgeoned, the company made a fortune.
The machine could detect the slightest sign of a radiation leak.
One effect of science has been to debunk many traditional beliefs.
Patient research has enabled doctors to unravel the cause of the disease.
All work on the new building was stopped while archaeologists excavated the site.
She took a holiday after the tournament to recoup her energy.
It took the driver six months to recuperate from his accident.
The first printing press allowed people to easily disseminate the written word.
The school team finally prevailed over their rivals and won the championship.
He suspected his colleague of propagating the idea that he was lazy.
During the war, the BBC often transmitted messages in code to agents overseas.
In an attempt to garner support, the mayor held a town meeting.
The meat was garnished with fresh sprigs of parsley.
He inferred from the professor's remarks that he had failed the class.
I surmised that I could do better by investing in real estate than in stocks.
In his speech, the principal alluded to some famous lines from “King Lear.”
The journalist had failed to verify the facts before writing his article.
After his acquittal, he claimed he had been completely vindicated.
The degrees given at the art school are validated by the University of Sussex.
The detective tried to corroborate the woman's accusations.
He could not substantiate the allegations he made, and he lost the lawsuit.
The ambassador reiterated his nation's policy at the start of the meeting.
My boss forcefully enunciated his policies to the employees.
The accident only underscored the poor condition of the machines.
People who like to flaunt their wealth are lacking in refinement.
The medicine could not alleviate his pain.
The government tried to allay public fears of a stock market crash.
The manager tried to appease the angry customer.
Recently, many police forces have experts who can defuse bombs.
Nothing I said could mollify the anger of the boss.
He tried to placate his angry girlfriend with a bunch of roses and a box of chocolates.
That singer's voice coach advised him to modulate his voice more when singing.
I asked my lawyer to intervene in the dispute.
The mayor announced that he intended to curb spending on the city's parks.
For years, the regime had oppressed the people, denying them their freedom.
Countries with power often subjugated weaker countries.
The king immediately sent troops to suppress the rebellion.
The opposition accused the government of subverting the democratic process.
The plane was shot down because it encroached on enemy territory.
We could never deter him from a course of action that would destroy his career.
Government red tape has retarded progress on economic reform.
In her embarrassment, she averted her eyes from my gaze.
The ruthless businessman did not balk at lying to his competitors.
The robbers had to stifle the cries of the guard to avoid detection.
He quelled his fear and dove into the river to rescue the boy.
After hours in the hot sun, he drank several beers to quench his thirst.
We were forced to curtail our trip due to a family emergency.
Most countries want to diminish their national debt.
The team's triumph was eclipsed by news of the prime minister's resignation.
The star debased his reputation by appearing in a series of cheap, sensational movies.
The feminist group complained that the advertisements demeaned women.
His latest book was a failure but did not detract much from his good reputation.
The number of many species of whales is slowly beginning to dwindle.
The soldiers were warned not to deviate from their instructions in any way.
Although I looked everywhere for my student, she eluded me.
He accused the company of trying to circumvent their earlier agreement.
The department store was plagued with shoplifters, some of whom operated in gangs.
The school bully delighted in tormenting the younger boys.
He confounded his enemies by coming up with a brilliant plan to save the company.
Everybody in the class was stumped by the problem that the teacher had given them.
Jane was irritated when her boss casually dismissed her proposal.
The philosopher carefully dissected the scientist's argument in order to disprove it.
The politician finally succeeded in refuting his enemies' accusations.
She rebuffed all his advances, insisting she was not interested in him.
The police chief rebuked the two officers for their poor handling of the case.
The opposition denounced members of the government for corruption.
The lawyer successfully rebutted all the prosecutor's claims.
The school principal reprimanded the students for poor discipline.
He berated himself for having trusted a stranger with his money.
The newspaper editorial lambasted the government for their poor economic policies.
After the tragedy, the famous actress has secluded herself in her mansion.
They were ostracized by the townspeople for breaking the law.
The mayor promised to purge the police of corrupt officers.
Many refugees were never repatriated after World War II.
The soldiers did their best to repulse the enemy attack.
Finally, the army lost patience and rebelled against its own government.
Suddenly, the bank reneged on its promise of a loan.
At an early age the king renounced his throne and retreated into private life.
The actress reveled in all the publicity her divorce brought.
Before an agreement could be reached, the parties suspended negotiations.
Bad weather forced the explorers to abort the expedition.
The judge adjourned the hearings for a long lunch break.
They hoped to get a legal decision that would nullify the terms of the contract.
The judge revoked his driver's license after finding him guilty of drunk driving.
The FBI managed to thwart a terrorist plan to attack government buildings.
The rebel organization announced that they would disband and give up their weapons.
They found it difficult to dislodge the enemy from their mountain fort.
The demonstrators were ordered to disperse by the local police.
Smallpox was completely eradicated from the village.
The leader announced a great victory, saying that the army had completely routed the enemy.
The storm wreaked havoc on the village, destroying a number of houses.
After the accident, the water supply was contaminated with chemicals.
His mother's attempts to help simply exacerbated his problem.
The economic crisis was aggravated by a fall in the currency.
After the revolution, the king was forced to abdicate by the rebels.
The bank manager absconded with the money after his theft was revealed.
The police were accused of having tampered with the evidence.
The shareholder said the company was juggling its sales figures.
When at first I refused to help, she began to cajole me in a sweet tone of voice.
He was charged with defrauding the insurance company.
The old woman was swindled out of her fortune by a con artist.
Many members of the public were duped by the company's promise of quick profits.
His teacher told him to stop muttering and to speak more clearly.
The frightened little boy stammered out his name and then fell silent.
In a moment of crisis, the man invoked the name of Buddha.
The children sat happily, crunching cookies and watching the TV.
The principal scolded the students for dawdling in the school parking lot.
The numerous contradictions in her argument undermined her main point.
The doctors performed a series of tests but failed to diagnose her illness.
The drizzling rain blurred my vision, making it dangerous to drive further.
When the children began to squabble over the dessert, their father lost his temper.
These two students are vying for valedictory honors.
The intruder bluffed his way into the palace by pretending to be a guard.
At a certain point in the meeting, I broached the sensitive matter of etiquette.
He clenched his fist and punched the other man.
The explorer said that he would reach the North Pole or perish in the attempt.
The police completely ransacked his house in search of drugs.
The men heaved the old sofa onto the back of the truck.
The force of the accident wrenched his torso so forcefully that he broke his back.
From the edge of the garden I saw her beckon him to follow her.
America responded to the threat by deploying aircraft carriers to the region.
Fortunately, the bomb failed to detonate and no one was hurt.
The company promises to dispatch all orders on the day that they are received.
The new housing development is starting to encompass the entire woodland.
The message was encrypted in a mysterious enemy code.
As a result of the trial, he was exonerated of all the charges.
The new president soon found himself fettered by his campaign promises.
His enemies within the company gloated when he failed to win promotion.
Just when we thought we had reached an agreement, the other party began to haggle.
Many voters were alienated due to the candidate's aggressive attacks on his opponent.
Even after he was released from prison, he was shunned by his former friends.
A social worker managed to dissuade the man from jumping to his death.
When the man admonished the teenagers for smoking, they just laughed.
He was so angry that he stood up and walked out, slamming the door behind him.
That young man is reported to have squandered his entire inheritance.
He said he would never subordinate his family life to his career.
The man finally succumbed to temptation and smoked a cigarette.
Their names did not tally with those on the guest list.
The country was teetering on the edge of a war with its neighbor.
Some men at the station were touting tickets for the concert.
It took the explorers longer than expected to traverse the terrain.
The driver veered to avoid a cat and crashed into the fence.
The President vetoed the Congressional bill cutting welfare to the poor.
The automobile company weathered a period of record-high oil prices.
As the dentist inserted the needle, the patient winced.
The man scuttled after his boss, taking notes of what he said.
She told him to stop agonizing over the decision and to make up his mind.
In the summer, seals could be seen basking on the rocks.
He tried to concoct a good excuse for not having done his homework.
I delved into that question for over a week but never found an answer.
In order to evade the police, the fugitive wore a disguise.
Please wait until I have finished talking and do not interject any comments.
Even after school is over, that group of students likes to linger around.
He had to pawn his wife's jewelry in order to cover his debts.
I was able to procure my visa in three weeks so I could visit the country.
He went to reclaim his suitcase from the lost property office.
Doctors hoped her illness would not recur after a long series of treatments.
We still meet every two years and reminisce about old times.
Once a week the farmers drive to town to replenish their supplies.
His signature is unintelligible because he always scrawls his name.
He hurtled down the hill on his bicycle and crashed into a wall.
Even members of the scientific community disparaged the cloning of a sheep.
The student incurred substantial debts as a result of going to college.
The bribery accusation tarnished his reputation forever.
The explorer doubted if he could survive on his depleted supplies.
The company has projected record sales for the next quarter.
The students all foundered badly on their latest exams.
The university president tried to justify the rise in fees to the students.
The diversity of the students added much interest to classroom discussions.
The rapid extinction of the dinosaurs remains a scientific mystery.
The museum contained many specimens of rare plants.
The specialist provided a sociological perspective on the problems of the inner city.
The government ordered a stricter enforcement of the law to prevent any further incidents.
It took several years to achieve any breakthroughs in AIDS research.
There were a myriad of famous names at the high society wedding.
Perception involves more than merely the physiological aspects of the senses.
A wealthy graduate had left the college a huge endowment.
The gist of his speech was that he was against the plan.
Recently, there has been a large influx of foreign investment into the U.S.
Many feminists complained that there had been a backlash against policies designed to help women.
With the onset of winter, fuel prices rose dramatically.
A test was carried out to determine the paternity of the child.
The famous artist dedicated much of his life to the preservation of ancient buildings.
The public was shocked by the jury's verdict of ‘guilty’.
It seems his credibility has not been damaged despite the scandal.
Coaches often say that momentum is an important part of winning a game.
Haiku poets often suggest, at least indirectly, the brevity of life.
The manager used his assistant as a buffer between himself and the public.
It took the little girl a few days to get the knack of how to ride her bike.
Many questions were raised about the viability of the policy.
Noh flourished in the Muromachi Period under the auspices of the shogunate.
One requisite for entering Harvard University is an acceptable score on the entrance exam.
Strong walking boots are considered a prerequisite for anyone planning to climb the mountain.
Very few climbers have managed the feat of climbing Everest.
The force of gravity is much weaker on the moon because of its smaller mass.
The ship was rumored among sailors to have a jinx on it.
The signs of recent economic instability may be serious omens for the future.
His request was refused because there was no precedent.
The busy week turned out to be a prelude to a frantic year.
The border clash proved to be a harbinger of full-scale war.
The orphanage depended on the philanthropy of a wealthy businessman.
After he left the army, he missed the camaraderie that he had shared with the soldiers.
He was very lucky that his illness was detected in its early phase.
The committee was asked to look at every facet of the problem.
Beneath a facade of respectability, the businessman was engaged in criminal activities.
The birth of his first child was an incentive for him to settle down and work harder.
In an effort to improve morale, the boss announced a picnic for all his employees.
At many restaurants, the expected amount of gratuity is 15 percent of the meal's cost.
The pop star is known as an ardent proponent of vegetarianism.
The missionary is a well-known advocate of prison reform.
The recipient of the Nobel Prize for literature has been announced.
Well-known pundits were invited to give their views on the election.
DNA analysis showed that some inhabitants were descendants of Vikings.
The prosecutor did his best to show the witness was lying.
The millionaire's consort was a beautiful young woman.
After a long police search, the culprit was apprehended.
How could anyone know that such a nice young man was a fugitive from justice?
He became a strong adherent of the new religion.
Most people have found at least one mentor who has helped guide them through life.
From the first moves, the chess expert could see that his opponent was a novice at the game.
The famous novelist now lived as a recluse on his own island.
He appointed a surrogate to run the office while he was away.
He pushed through the throng of waiting reporters and walked quickly away.
Children at a certain age are more influenced by their peers than by their parents.
Like many prodigies, his abilities declined as he became an adult.
The sales manager contacted his counterpart in the other company.
The SAT is designed to test aptitude rather than the memorization of facts.
There are not many lawyers of his caliber in the company.
His demeanor always appears serious, but actually he is quite a wit.
His father made him sit with a straight back to improve his posture.
The bank was known for the prudence of its investment decisions.
While appreciating his zeal, his boss would prefer more care and accuracy.
At the peak of his career, his prestige was unrivaled.
Following his retirement, the professor's eminence grew even greater.
The conviviality of the party was spoiled by an argument.
The young actress studied elocution in order to improve her accent.
The old man showed surprising agility as he climbed the mountain.
The young actress could not resist the allure of Hollywood.
As usual, we spoke with absolute candor about our different perspectives.
Students at the girls' school were told to maintain decorum at all times.
The assistant was known for his intense fidelity to his boss.
The dexterity required for certain traditional arts takes years to acquire.
Despite failing the audition, the girl's natural ebullience soon returned.
The boy's exhilaration at his exam results was clear.
When we could no longer tolerate her duplicity, we confronted her directly.
The politician's meeting with a gangster was a serious indiscretion.
The teacher felt irritated by the indolence of his students.
Although I knew she was bold, one time her audacity really took me by surprise.
Despite his ill treatment, he did not bear a grudge against his former employers.
American university professors must earn tenure to ensure their jobs.
The politician was imprisoned for the duration of the war.
Although we had only met each other twice, we felt a great affinity for each other.
Those favoring America's free trade with Mexico always stress its close proximity.
The UFO sighting turned out to be a student hoax.
I explained to the students Plato's allegory of the cave.
At the apex of his career, the champion suffered a run of defeats.
At the very zenith of his career, he got involved in scandal.
The singer's ascension to the rank of superstar was unusually quick.
His small business was taken over by a huge conglomerate.
The new series was an offshoot of the original drama series set in the same hospital.
The storekeeper said he was expecting a fresh consignment of eggs that day.
The millionaire paid for the conveyance of the tents to the area affected by the earthquake.
Doubts were raised as to the durability of the new storehouse.
The police released footage of the riot to the television companies.
The young man's room was full of IT gadgets.
Suddenly a glitch in the lighting system threw the theater into darkness.
People from the company's higher echelons rarely visited the branch.
Speculation in currency is a risky but potentially lucrative business.
He refused to believe all the hype about the new invention.
The program was said to have set a new benchmark for documentaries.
Racial integration of schools was eventually mandated by the American government.
It was suspected that the boat carried contraband, though none was found.
The judge ordered the man to assume liability for the accident.
The tabloid went bankrupt because so many people won libel suits against it.
Each student was given a quota for how many boxes of cookies they should sell.
One of the perks of the job was regular meals at restaurants.
The scholar's annotations to the play were full of errors.
Returning from his holiday, he found a backlog of work waiting for him.
The collation of the different texts took a long time.
Although a counterfeit, the hundred-dollar bill fooled almost everyone.
I did not know he had been convicted of forgery when I accepted his personal check.
The refugees applied for political asylum as soon as they landed.
In the last days of the Bosnian conflict the U.N. established ‘safe havens.’
New York is not the American capital but it is the hub of modern American life.
The sports stadium is also a popular venue for concerts.
The only drawback to the new house was there were no shops in the immediate vicinity.
The court said the company's regulations had no legal validity.
One must often doubt the efficacy of the United Nations in world governance.
In Japan, the pine tree is a symbol of longevity.
The charity made great efforts to decrease infant mortality among the poor.
Smoking and drinking to excess can bring about an early demise.
Some people have a natural immunity to the disease.
Honey and lemon is a traditional remedy for a sore throat.
The accident victim needed an immediate transfusion of a rare blood type.
A bout of malaria generally leaves the victim much weakened.
All dogs have to spend two weeks in quarantine before they enter the country.
The mayor insisted on preparing the city for any contingency.
After falling from her horse, she suffered a severe concussion.
We developed blisters because it was cold and dry.
After he had taken some medical tests, the doctor told him that the prognosis was good.
The professor had a penchant for expensive French restaurants.
Despite his propensity for anger, he was a generous and basically kind person.
There was a savor of sarcasm in Dr. Record's speech.
One eventually tires of mere banter and wants to talk seriously.
The announcer's casual jest offended many viewers.
It has been hard to overcome the animosity between Israel and its Arab neighbors.
The woman said she had an aversion to people smoking near her.
The problems were finally resolved but not without some acrimony.
The way he was treated at the hotel was an affront to his dignity.
Many had serious misgivings about the new plan to restructure the company.
The man felt no scruples about betraying his country.
He has a grievance against his company, which had never rewarded him for all his hard work.
At the funeral, a friend delivered a eulogy to the deceased worker.
The professor usually dismissed the students' compliments as flattery designed to get a better grade.
Although we didn't always agree with his views, we never ceased to pay him homage.
In a gesture of defiance, the terrorists pledged to strike again.
The government announced the immediate deportation of five diplomats.
The preacher denounced the decadence of the media.
Despite the derision of the critics, the movie was a big success.
Nobody recognized the famous pop star through his disguise.
The defense attorney insisted that his client be convicted on facts, not on conjecture.
He said that the idea that price always indicated quality was a fallacy.
The dictator issued a decree banning all political parties.
A recent ordinance against smoking in public places has pleased many citizens.
The mayor issued a formal precept regulating the use of firearms within the city limits.
Green Peace seeks the complete elimination of all nuclear testing.
Even today, exorcisms are sometimes held in haunted houses.
In the prison, even minor transgressions were severely punished.
The article was considered an infringement of the celebrity's privacy.
Despite the disparity in their ages, the little boy got on very well with his grandfather.
There was much dissension when women were admitted to the club.
An auditor found a large discrepancy in the accounts of the bank's transactions.
A dearth of fresh water required that barren farmland undergo irrigation.
The Biblical story of Noah's Ark describes a great deluge that floods the earth.
Massive conflagrations have nearly destroyed the city on several occasions.
The accident led to a spillage of dangerous chemicals.
The typhoon caused power outages across the whole region.
The dump site was deemed a health hazard to people in the community.
The scandal put the businessman's career in jeopardy.
Pandemonium broke out when officials announced that the game would be postponed.
He was saved from his predicament by a loan from his father-in-law.
People began to fight and the meeting became mayhem.
Moved by the plight of the refugees, the millionaire donated a large sum to help them.
The greatest hindrance to their studies was a lack of up-to-date textbooks.
A series of environmental disasters created additional impediments to economic recovery.
We were locked in an ideological impasse that made it difficult to come to an agreement.
After days of fighting, the armies reached a stalemate.
The investigation blamed a series of blunders for the accident.
Our expedition to the Himalayas was a complete fiasco.
The report failed to determine culpability for the accident.
The minister's resignation proved to be the catalyst for a general election.
The government said it could not interfere in an industrial dispute.
The two families had been waging a feud for years.
I got into a hassle with the tax office over my tax liability.
She felt an antipathy to her new boss from the moment she met him.
The atrocity of the mass killings still causes the survivors to have nightmares.
The art critic said that the plans for the new city center were simply bureaucratic vandalism.
Devastation from natural forces can exceed our wildest projections.
The riot at the stadium created general havoc for the fans and officials.
Experts searched the wreckage of the crashed airplane for clues.
Clearing away rubble after the accident was itself a huge task.
The country was ruled by a military regime led by a general.
During the civil war there was a mass exodus by the villagers into neighboring countries.
The little town withstood the enemy's onslaught for three days.
An amnesty for all political prisoners was announced by the new government.
The film star was faced with a barrage of questions about his upcoming divorce.
The capital city bore the brunt of the enemy's bombing campaign.
The first step in any peace process is an initial cessation of hostilities.
During the war, the mathematician had created ciphers for the army.
Christians are supposed to believe that retribution is the right of God alone.
Many people were calling for the repeal of the harsh new anti-terrorism laws.
The army was made responsible for the provision of food to the refugees.
The repercussions of the debt crisis included a fall in stock prices.
Following the rebellion, the government carried out savage reprisals.
Each faction in the party wanted its candidate to have the job.
The soccer fans went on a rampage, breaking shop windows.
The politician said that young hooligans were becoming an increasing menace to society.
Scientists theorize that an environmental upheaval caused by a huge meteorite destroyed the dinosaurs.
The teacher heard a commotion going on in a neighboring classroom.
However long we negotiated, the enemy refused to make any concessions.
The government imposed a curfew in an attempt to prevent further protests.
The company finally issued him an ultimatum to work harder or be fired.
Parents are held responsible for the truancy of their children.
With hindsight, the company realized that it could have prevented a grave mistake.
His maxim in business had always been that honesty was the best policy.
The students gave their teacher a memento in appreciation of his great teaching.
After the exam, he said it had been a cinch and he was sure that he had passed.
A blockage in the vents rendered the air-conditioning system ineffective.
After his wife died, the man sought solace in his work.
The hypnotist put the volunteer into a deep trance.
Beneath a facade of domestic felicity, the marriage was in trouble.
The university's publishers are a separate entity from the university and manage their own finances.
No one can enter his premises without formal approval.
He called me under the pretext of inviting me to a party.
Although they follow different creeds, they still decided to marry.
When he was offered both jobs, he found himself in a quandary.
Some felt that the film's depiction of the queen was disrespectful.
The comedian first made his name in a theatrical farce.
At this juncture, the chairman of the conference announced a short break.
It would be a misnomer to describe him as a specialist in the subject.
The group of boys formed an exclusive clique in the school.
The heavyweight boxer could deliver an incredible clout with either fist.
He dismissed the new policy as just a gimmick to attract voters.
She found giving evidence in the trial a terrible ordeal.
The growing polarization between rich and poor is threatening the country's social stability.
It was the professor's prerogative to decide the textbook for the course.
The full ramifications of cloning are yet to be understood.
The businessman said his donations had been altruistic in nature.
His last novels are considered profound meditations on the nature of human evil.
Although he assured me he would help, I remained skeptical.
The move provoked widespread opposition throughout the country.
Scholars are studying an anonymous, fifth-century B.C. manuscript.
It's often hard to deal with his contentious attitude.
Van Gogh's “Sunflowers”, now in a Tokyo museum, was proven to be authentic.
Mao Zedong was the paramount leader of the Chinese communist revolution.
He created a replicate volume that looked exactly like the original book.
I knew a man who built a very lucrative business from the repair and resale of junk appliances.
She was a clumsy girl who often dropped or spilled things.
The factory had long been defunct and was now a ruin.
His teacher said there had been no discernible improvement in his work.
Having failed to get into university, the students' years of study appear to have been futile.
The author Isaac Asimov astonished everyone with his prolific output.
The smile of the “Mona Lisa” is said to be inscrutable.
The problem was manifest to all those at the conference.
At certain times of the year in Bali, tourists seem to be ubiquitous.
That professor is well versed in both Oriental and Occidental philosophy.
She was an exemplary student who gained straight ‘A’s.
We want to keep our expenditures commensurate with our income.
The transient nature of all living things is the essence of Buddhism.
His ostensible purpose was to deliver a present, but actually he had another aim.
The car was cheap and yet had an aesthetically satisfying design.
The student's grades improved marginally in his second year.
The indigenous peoples of many countries have been persecuted or killed.
Human beings possess an inherent ability to acquire language.
Humans and some apes have an intrinsic ability to walk on two legs.
All his latent hostility to his father was brought out by the incident.
He studied hard not because he enjoyed it but for the extrinsic rewards good grades would bring.
The covert activities of the CIA have been roundly condemned.
Their meeting always had to be clandestine and brief.
The clerk said that the information was classified and so could not be released.
Their job offer to me was so generous that I suspected an ulterior motive.
He tried to read the letter surreptitiously but his wife noticed it.
The scientist said that the cut in funding was equivalent to canceling the research altogether.
His silence was tantamount to an admission of guilt.
Medical science is usually thought to be a rigorous intellectual challenge.
The standards set for passing the exam were quite stringent.
His austere expression and manner belied the kindness underneath.
Susie was offended by his caustic remarks.
Crows used to be common here, but now they have grown quite scarce.
He learned to recognize the subtle differences between one butterfly and another.
The young couple can barely live on their meager income.
Her manner is charming but not what one would call sophisticated.
The poetry of Dante's “Divine Comedy” is sublime.
This lady's spring kimono is of exquisite design and quality.
People with a poor diet are especially susceptible to colds and the flu.
The AIDS virus makes its victims vulnerable to normally minor illnesses.
His mother begged him to study but he was impervious to her appeals.
Weather forecasters warned of an impending storm from the hurricane.
Most seismologists predict that a big earthquake is imminent in the country.
Despite years of frugal management, the company is still struggling.
Even after he made his fortune, he remained very thrifty about money.
The accused man was adamant that he was innocent despite the evidence against him.
She knew that her husband, with his obstinate character, would be difficult to persuade.
Her husband's stubborn refusal even to listen to her suggestion infuriated her.
Political meetings hardly ever seem to be constructive and candid.
Despite his fame, the scientist meekly accepted the student's criticisms.
As a population grows more affluent, it naturally begins to buy more luxury goods.
Sometimes we tire of superfluous rules and regulations.
He was so engrossed in the movie that he failed to hear the doorbell.
Her exuberant and passionate acting debut won her wide acclaim.
With his rural background, he found it hard to adjust to the frenetic pace of the city.
The student became infatuated with her glamorous literature professor.
When the president saw the excellent sales figures, he felt ecstatic.
He assured me that things were fine, but I remained somewhat dubious.
He felt ambivalent about his promotion because it would involve more work.
Peace in this country depends on a precarious balance of force and diplomacy.
He said he wanted to create an inclusive society in which everybody felt valued.
The prime minister granted an exclusive interview to one newspaper.
In his later years, the artist fell into abject poverty and died penniless.
The decision to expel the refugees was a deplorable one.
An abridged edition for non-specialists was also published.
The White House issued a succinct statement denying all allegations.
In the final moments of the game he made an adroit pass that led to a winning goal.
The spokesperson was adept at handling difficult questions and answered smoothly.
The coach admitted to the press that his team's play had been inept.
The new government took a vigorous approach and cut taxes sharply.
The professor was an avid reader of detective fiction in his spare time.
He made some antagonistic remarks, designed to show his opposition to the new policy.
The President was criticized for the arbitrary nature of his decisions.
The tone of his voice sounded unnecessarily belligerent given the circumstances.
I was taken aback by the sinister look in his eyes.
Even some of the president's supporters were blatantly critical of him.
The woman told the man bluntly that she did not like him.
He answered curtly, signaling his irritation with the journalist.
Some of his colleagues resented his aloof attitude towards them.
He did his best to stimulate the students but they remained apathetic.
As the disease was contagious, the patients were isolated from others.
The report said that drug use was epidemic among the prison population.
One problem was the endemic corruption in the bureaucracy.
The most essential aspect of controlling infectious diseases is sanitation.
The deserted house turned out to be infested with mice.
The disease was once pandemic but is now quite rare.
Amid the pervasive gloom, the good news was very welcome.
The news agency claimed that Iran was rife with spies.
He was a contemplative boy, mainly interested in philosophy.
Her scrupulous attention to detail makes her an excellent editor.
Gene mapping involves a meticulous procedure to isolate human genes.
I could see that the job was poorly done after only a cursory glance.
Since his wife passed away, his habits have become quite erratic.
They came to the erroneous conclusion that he was responsible for the accident.
I read an extremely derogatory column about the President in a local paper.
The boy's bad behavior was detrimental to the school's atmosphere.
He always seemed so diffident, so his speech was all the more impressive.
Despite a few dissident voices, most people supported the prime minister's reforms.
I knew he had become disgruntled, but not that he was going to resign.
The fans felt demoralized by their team's weak performance.
After the war, many soldiers found themselves destitute and homeless.
The valuable papers were found in a dilapidated hut in the garden.
The hostages finally were rescued alive but dangerously emaciated.
He seemed unscathed by his long years serving a prison sentence.
The political party won an unprecedented share of the vote.
It can be argued that the most ferocious animals on earth are people.
My apartment was so filthy when I first moved in I had to clean it twice.
Such flagrant disregard for international law will not be tolerated.
After their grueling journey across the mountains, they were exhausted.
That politician was elected because of his immaculate reputation.
Although his financial judgment is poor, his personal taste is impeccable.
Just walking on the pristine white carpet made him feel uncomfortable.
He sensed an intangible atmosphere of tension in the room.
The man we thought to be invincible suddenly died from heart failure.
He was so excited that he became quite incoherent.
The teachers' incessant complaining made life difficult for the principal.
During his final illness, he was only intermittently conscious.
He made only sporadic efforts to prepare for the entrance examinations.
The expert had an apparently omniscient knowledge of his field.
The professor dismissed the criticisms of his book as trivial and pedantic.
Young mammals are characteristically and relentlessly inquisitive.
King Henry the Eighth of England was an insatiable glutton.
After the speech, there was a perceptible change in the audience's attitude.
There was a notable absence of young people at the party.
His intentions are always benign, though sometimes poorly communicated.
Although the stranger seemed affable, Bill sensed an underlying hostility.
Even at the age of eighty, Picasso was intellectually and physically robust.
When she won first prize in the speech contest, she felt buoyant.
The bride wore a resplendent dress made of lace.
The tenacious effort of our team finally won us the match in overtime.
The students admitted to breaking the rules but asked that we be lenient.
Although he was not guilty of murder, his behavior was certainly negligent.
Her attitude in the classroom seems perfunctory and mechanical.
The defendant told the court a story too spurious to be believed.
He made a treacherous speech in which he attacked his former boss.
Few people believed the man's devious explanations for his behavior.
The gray walls with green trim gave the room such a drab appearance.
The sound of the wind over the dark moor has an eerie effect.
Despite his qualifications, the immigrant doctor was forced to take menial jobs to survive.
The American poet Emily Dickinson had a morbid fascination with death.
The humid weather made him feel lethargic and irritable.
After the election defeat, the atmosphere in the party was subdued.
The water was too tepid to make a nice cup of tea with.
Those children are too gullible for their own good.
His imprudent criticisms of his boss got him into trouble.
The man walked casually up to the lion, apparently heedless of the danger he was in.
On the train, he inadvertently stepped on another passenger's foot.
The cheap furniture was arranged haphazardly around the room.
The disco was full of teenagers wearing gaudy clothes.
The film star dressed flamboyantly for every occasion.
Scientists have learned that Alzheimer's disease is often hereditary.
Despite having distinct ethnic groups, Japan is considered a homogeneous society.
The old hospital was not as hygienic as it should have been.
Now that his siblings are all deceased, he feels completely alone.
Any alien life form would likely differ dramatically from terrestrial ones.
Years of life in the torrid climate damaged his health.
War sometimes leads to a lifetime of traumatic memories.
Dogs are gregarious creatures that travel in packs.
I seldom find British cuisine very palatable.
Leaders of many nations in the world ignore their fiscal responsibilities.
That new policy was indicative of the government's indifference to environmental issues.
His first match was an auspicious start for the spring sumo tournament.
The college boasts many illustrious graduates.
Technology now allows pinpoint military strikes from the air.
The young lecturer was known as a witty and eloquent debater.
Although the task of digging the pond was arduous, he enjoyed it.
The team made a laudable effort but they could not win the match.
The cat walked among the flowers with dainty steps.
The beautiful new university library is very conducive to study.
He seemed so innocuous, no one believed he could actually harm anyone.
An integral part of athletic excellence is a knowledge of the fundamentals.
The firefighter made a valiant attempt to enter the house but he was driven back by the heat.
He enjoyed the serene atmosphere of the little country village.
The direction of this policy is fraught with dangers.
After the film star retired, she lived a reclusive life on her own in the country.
The teacher refused to believe the boy's flimsy excuse.
The nuclear scientist had made a catastrophically foolish error.
He criticized the economist's dogmatic belief in free trade.
The young woman felt irritated by the villagers' insular attitudes.
The boy was so intimidated by the man he could hardly speak.
The finance ministry attempted to revive the languishing economy.
Wearing an obsequious expression, the man apologized.
This movie is not for the squeamish.
Though uneducated and uncouth, this young man is quite intelligent.
The girl was petrified to find a snake on her pillow.
Despite its ponderous style, the book was actually very interesting.
On the last day of the term, the students became quite rowdy.
The growing international tension gave a somber atmosphere to the negotiations.
His speech was well-enough organized, but its content was rather banal.
It is hard to endure the relentless winter cold of the American Midwest.
Many readers found his argument in the book somewhat elusive.
The paintings in the exhibition were excruciatingly bad.
When I suspected his dealings were fraudulent, I cut off all negotiations.
The technician said the computer was irreparably damaged.
Following a lackluster season, the footballer announced that he was retiring.
The face of Count Dracula appeared lurid and evil in the candlelight.
The man spoke in such a roundabout way that it was hard to understand just what his complaint was.
Though now criticized, Freud was a shrewd observer of human behavior.
As a young man, he read voraciously about his subject.
A sedentary life can lead to heart problems and other health disorders.
Using archaic language in writing is usually considered poor style.
A number of fossils were embedded deep within the rock.
The tournament was cancelled due to the inclement weather.
I didn't realize at first that his comments were intended to be facetious.
The farmer said that the dog was usually docile but could attack if threatened.
The momentous decision to go to war was made.
The woman seemed quite nonchalant before her job interview.
Despite his strong religious convictions, he took a pragmatic attitude toward the issue.
To the annoyance of the business world, the tax was applied retroactively.
The most salient aspect of our trip was the incessant rainfall.
He tripped while descending the stairs and fell prostrate on the floor.
Attendance at faculty meetings is obligatory for all staff members.
She was so intoxicated that she seemed oblivious of her actions.
The square was teeming with pop fans going to a concert.
She looked appalled by the news of her husband's accident.
The country's actions were an implicit rejection of the request for compromise.
Even if one disagrees, one need not be bellicose about expressing it.
The city has a vibrant night life, with plenty of clubs and bars.
We hope that all his subsequent novels will be turned into films.
The economist said the tax cuts should stimulate the economy.
It took years of hard work to retrieve his family's former wealth.
The dismal economic news only fueled the widespread dissatisfaction with the government.
The weary climbers decided to halt for a brief rest.
If he had heeded his parents' warning, the accident would never have happened.
The university has decided to expand its popular MBA program by 50 places.
The oracles at Delphi often foreboded ill fortune for ancient Greeks.
The professor asked the student to clarify one or two points in his explanation.
He used tongs to elongate and shape the soft glass.
The minister likened the economy to a ship in a violent storm.
She spurned the offer of a job at her company's chief rival.
Visitors who stray from the path sometimes get lost in the woods.
By and large, male students still predominate in engineering courses.
The committee asked her to elaborate on her proposals for reform.
Although she lost her fortune, she retained the mansion and surrounding fields.
His family still owns the land that the king bestowed on them in the 17th century.
Jazz musicians must improvise as they play their music.
The principal promised to uphold the school's tradition of excellence.
Students were mesmerized by his astonishing lectures.
The rule stipulates that students cannot use calculators.
The government guaranteed to compensate bank account holders.
After a bloody and bitter war, the two enemies were finally reconciled.
On his death, the house would revert to its original owners.
The city council decided to rebate local taxes by ten percent.
The company agreed to reimburse him for his travel expenses.
I agreed to remit the balance of my account within thirty days.
He felt obligated to reciprocate the giving of any gifts he received.
Theoretically, American dollars can be redeemed in gold at certain banks.
The politician tried to accentuate the positive achievements of the government.
As the police tried to overtake the car, it suddenly accelerated.
The new young chairman set about rejuvenating the old company.
The government moved some ministries there in order to revitalize the local economy.
As the economy worsened, many people emigrated to other countries.
The geese were beginning to migrate south for the winter.
The architect had to reinforce the foundations of his latest building.
At the end of his lecture, the professor always recapitulates his main points.
The science textbook had to be revised every few years.
The victims demanded that their pain and suffering be redressed.
He bought the house, intending to refurbish it completely.
Most of the fire's victims had suffocated in the smoke.
When the oil in the pan caught fire, she tried to smother the flames with a blanket.
The swimming pool was drained and cleaned once a month.
He caught a cold after becoming drenched in a sudden rainstorm.
He decanted some of the wine from the barrel into a jug.
America frequently asks Japan to deregulate its economy.
Researchers are continuously extracting new medicines from tropical plants.
The wolves were eventually exterminated by settlers in the area.
The criminal gang was extorting money from local shopkeepers.
In the tropics, we must use special ointments to repel disease-bearing insects.
The comedian could always retort in a witty way to any comment.
The professor began by encapsulating his previous lectures on the subject.
Before he left, the man entrusted the key to his safe to his deputy.
At the interview, the girl took the chance to ask just what the job entailed.
The teacher induced his students to study abroad to broaden their views.
The students quickly integrated into the life of their new school.
The employee did her best to ingratiate herself with her older colleagues.
The unruly soccer fans jeered at the referee and threw bottles.
Some scientists simply sneered at Einstein's early theories of relativity.
The government's policy on global warming was derided as farcical by environmentalists.
After a few days' rest, the patient was discharged from the hospital.
The arrival of soldiers dispelled the angry crowd.
Thousands of people were displaced from their homes by the flood.
The sight of the children, their stomachs distended with hunger, moved the journalist to tears.
The army ousted the government and began to rule the country itself.
It took over six months to evict them legally from the property.
After the boy was caught cheating, he was expelled from the school.
People were evacuated from their homes because of the danger of an eruption.
The once-great star was relegated to a reserve position on the national soccer team.
The new recruits were taught how to dismantle and clean their guns.
A group of demonstrators attempted to disrupt the meeting.
We were surprised to see that someone had discarded such nice furniture.
The bicycle was broken so he ditched it and carried on on foot.
The eagle looks proud and majestic as it soars above the mountains.
The waves began to surge and toss as the storm grew more intense.
During the crisis, oil prices skyrocketed throughout the globe.
A number of professors were contending for the post of dean.
He hesitated to contradict openly what his superior had said.
In his speech, the politician tried to belittle his rival's achievements.
He deprecated his own work as something of little value.
A gang of youths defaced the statue with spray paint.
The journalist was accused of defaming an honest businessman.
The superpower attempted to mediate in the dispute between its allies.
The great actor would meditate on a new part for weeks before he started rehearsals.
His heart sank as he contemplated the pile of work that lay on his desk.
As the war continued, the food situation began to deteriorate.
The valuable wooden furniture had been left to decay.
To welcome the soldiers home, the station was adorned with flags.
The walls of the castle were emblazoned with bright banners.
Police were posted near the accident site to divert curiosity seekers.
Sunglasses are designed to deflect UV rays of direct sunlight.
As they grew older, their interests diverged and the two friends lost contact.
Although he empathized with the protestor's feelings, he did not support them.
The project was designed to empower local women farmers.
Emboldened by the success of the product, the company decided to produce two more models.
His professor embodied everything he admired in a scholar.
If funding materializes, they will start the research the following year.
The banker was eventually sent to prison because he embezzled funds.
They embarked on a journey to the moon.
To the ecologist's surprise, the government embraced his proposals for cutting carbon emissions.
The government was accused of trying to obstruct the inquiry.
The police investigation was hampered by the uncooperative attitude of local people.
Work on repairing the bridge was hindered by strong winds.
In order to succeed, we must transcend our greatest weaknesses.
The setting of the classic novel was transposed to a modern one.
A persistent journalist had first uncovered the crime.
The soldiers undertook the responsibility to defend their country.
The construction workers accidentally unearthed the remains of a Roman villa.
The guide unfolded a large map and showed them the route.
Reports of a series of burglaries unsettled the local inhabitants.
In American courts, suspects cannot be forced to incriminate themselves.
We always try to instill strong moral values in our children.
My brother will enroll in Stanford University next fall.
The typhoon totally engulfed that small fishing community.
They hoped that our research would engender further efforts to cure cancer.
She spoke her mind clearly, not caring what might ensue.
The police rarely enforced the local laws against fishing.
The intoxicated man was staggering dangerously near the train tracks.
No matter how much pressure he felt, he never wavered in his decision.
She was so exasperated by her husband's complaints that she threw the meal at him.
Young writers should try not to resent constructive criticism.
He had to surmount a number of legal problems before he could set up the new company.
The athlete finally surpassed the previous world record in 2009.
His hearing was impaired from years of playing in a rock band.
The whole agreement was jeopardized by his failure to produce the promised documents in time.
The Olympic Games were marred by a lethal bomb explosion.
My mother was sometimes mortified by the behavior of her children in public.
His father humiliated him by telling him off in front of his friends.
After making a speech, the mayor proclaimed the sports meet open.
I don't profess to be an expert in economics, but I enjoy reading about the subject.
The crowd of students scattered before the oncoming tanks.
The principal told the children to congregate in front of the school at 8 a.m.
He sat at the desk allocated to him and began to take the test.
The book synthesized the research of many different experts.
A medieval knight was required to pledge allegiance to his lord.
He agreed to waive some of his rights in return for a reduced sentence.
Immigrant workers sometimes found it difficult to assimilate into society.
When the two companies merged, they became the largest conglomerate in the chemical industry.
After he was publicly censured by the President, he resigned from office.
The prime minister suspected the man of trying to supplant him.
The government introduced measures to stabilize the price of oil, which had been fluctuating wildly.
The supermarkets were accused of intriguing with each other to fix prices.
The government offices admitted that their computers had been penetrated by hackers.
The Justice Department has probed allegations of presidential wrongdoing.
The accountant had abused his position to enrich himself.
In the past, poaching animals from the royal forests was punishable by death.
The moment he ceased speaking, the audience burst into applause.
Rumors about the mayor began to circulate through the town.
The arrested man claimed the police had mistreated him.
Congress will often not ratify bills proposed by the President.
If we cannot afford to complete the deal now, we may forfeit our investment.
The statement he gave to the police implicated many important businessmen.
The crooked businessman was found guilty of perpetrating fraud.
The tennis courts tended to be monopolized by the older students.
Some tribes of Myanmar successfully smuggled drugs into Thailand.
The lease on my apartment will expire in two years.
The scholar worked for years compiling a dictionary of the Basque language.
The mother bird sits on the eggs until they hatch a week later.
Before the bears hibernate, they eat as much food as possible.
Usually, the substance is metabolized by the liver and does no harm.
The local farmers helped each other to reap the wheat.
The market for television sets is completely saturated in some countries.
All children should be inoculated against certain childhood diseases.
Darwin believed that humans evolved from less developed species of primates.
The doctor injected the vaccine into the patient's arm.
Government scientists said that there were fears that the volcano might erupt at any time.
The little girl began to wriggle uncomfortably on her chair.
The little boy guzzled his lemonade and ran out to meet his friends.
When the meeting opened, my colleague nudged me to be quiet.
He turned on the television and sprawled on the sofa.
He jiggled the power switch a few times but nothing happened.
The boss persuaded him to cooperate by dangling the prospect of promotion before him.
Even when we inverted the position of the painting it looked the same.
The woman fumbled in her bag for the key to the front door.
When we found the lost puppy, it was quivering in fear.
The prisoner was punished for assaulting one of the guards.
Reporters bombarded the film star with questions about her health.
The guerillas planned to use grenades to incapacitate the army's tanks.
The whole region was devastated by floods.
Asian Americans often excel in school at all levels of education.
The woman is highly esteemed, even by her political opponents.
The city was completely overrun by crime.
At the Army training camp, the soldiers must simulate a battle operation.
Those who had collaborated with the enemy were later punished.
The term had not yet commenced and the campus was empty.
The drunk man tried to provoke the other customer into fighting him.
His wife's enthusiasm for the idea evaporated when she heard how much the new car would cost.
The expert was asked to write a report amplifying his reservations about the project.
I had to scrutinize the students' papers before I could pass them.
The submarine submerged as soon as enemy ships approached.
Anxiety about the future had permeated every part of the company.
He affixed some Christmas lights to the roof of his house.
The teacher was able to discern that her student was deeply troubled.
The police officer tried to coax the old lady's cat into coming down from the tree.
In many cultures, black clothes denote a state of mourning.
His paintings are considered to exemplify the style known as abstract expressionism.
Scientists are finding better ways to harness the limitless energy of the sun.
The students were chafing under the strict rules introduced by the new principal.
In spite of the good weather forecast, a dark cloud loomed on the horizon.
As we headed home, thunder rumbled in the western sky.
When I was young, an uncle taught me how to snare rabbits.
My parents always tried to steer me in the right direction.
The film I just saw evoked memories of my childhood in the Midwest.
We tried to dub additional voices onto the old soundtrack.
Junior colleges around Japan must grapple with lower future enrollments.
Few of the employees have exerted their right to paternity leave.
His son grumbled but agreed to do what he was asked.
The helicopter hovered for a few minutes before landing.
Many famous scientists had preceded him in the post.
After the couple retired, they resided in a small seaside town.
The inspector specified a number of improvements that were necessary.
The tall pile of books toppled and fell across his desk.
A waiter ushered the group of guests to a private room.
The government was accused of withholding information about the disease.
The baseball shattered the huge picture window of a nearby house.
She diced the carrots and then put them on to boil.
When he opened the file, the letters were completely garbled.
The small company flourished under the guiding hand of the innovative entrepreneur.
Trying to evade the dog which was chasing it, the squirrel darted across the street.
Many farmers diversify crops to hedge against unpredictable weather and climate.
The finance minister explained the rationale behind the tax reforms.
The crowd showed great restraint, waiting patiently for hours to get their tickets.
The flowers in my garden died because parasites attacked their stems.
They peered over the edge of the gorge and looked at the stream far below.
The girl does everything with such zest that it is hard not to admire her spirit.
The institute was housed in a complex of old buildings.
Various primitive artifacts were discovered by the archeologists.
In a dramatic reversal of policy, the refugees were accepted by the country.
He was renowned all over the world for his altruism.
The little boy's brilliant mimicry of the teacher made the others laugh.
Meeting her on the street after so many years was quite a coincidence.
By an oversight, he failed to grade one of the students' essays.
Railway employees have the privilege of being allowed to travel on any train for free.
They formed a liaison between two countries.
The school is now undergoing a formal assessment for accreditation.
The judge was accused of showing a bias towards the defendant.
Authorities were concerned about the increasing incidence of violent crime.
The festival was intended to promote amity between the nations.
Every year, a pageant is held to celebrate the town's history.
The old couple saw their granddaughter as a paragon of virtue.
The budget imposed strict parameters on their spending.
The promising scientist enjoyed the patronage of a powerful professor.
The book showed the erudition typical of its author.
The ad said the company needed someone with computer expertise.
The lawsuit certainly terminated his affiliation with that institution.
The ambassador's speech was full of platitudes about the need for peace.
Her comments about the company contained a tinge of resentment.
Critics denounced the production as a travesty of Shakespeare's play.
Today's abundance of food is very unusual in historical terms.
The study of metaphor is a fascinating look into a special aspect of language use.
He suffered from an infirmity that made it difficult to breathe.
In this century, the world may face a severe energy deficiency.
Some children learn proper hygiene only in school since it is not taught to them at home.
Doctors fear that the overuse of antibiotics will lead to increasing resistance to them.
The mother was embarrassed when her child threw a tantrum at the party.
A cramp forced the star player out of the game at a crucial moment.
As he bent over, he felt a spasm of pain in his back.
The doctors were trying hard to determine the extent of their patient's tumors.
Accurate diagnosis of the condition is not easy for doctors.
He had no qualms about telling a lie to his mother.
Enzymes are catalysts for many significant biochemical reactions.
The bomb victims needed extensive skin grafts for their burns.
The new flu was said to be a mutation of an earlier virus.
Many diseases are caused by microbes that are invisible to the naked eye.
Seismologists are trying to locate the probable epicenters for future earthquakes.
The pilot was in a coma for a week in a hospital.
Following the stroke, he suffered paralysis of his left arm.
Doctors finally identified the parasite that had caused the epidemic.
An autopsy showed that the murdered woman had been poisoned by someone.
The baby was kept in an incubator for a few days after she was born.
Some doctors have tried using hypnosis to treat the condition.
Some of the veterans had lost eyes or limbs in the conflict.
The man suffered from the delusion that he was from another planet.
His childhood deprivation caused him to save money all his life.
The official was responsible for the disposal of unwanted files.
The issue of slavery once threatened the dissolution of the United States.
The crime filled many people with a sense of disgust.
In Asia particularly, one is expected to treat the elderly with deference.
There was a diversion to another route because of the roadwork.
They took a detour on the way so that he could see the university.
My students are working hard to finish their graduation thesis before the deadline.
The visiting professor's discourse was both erudite and lucid.
The scholar spent years writing his doctoral dissertation.
January 1st represents the inception of the New Year and symbolizes renewal.
The advent of television changed forever the way news was reported.
The book was hailed as a new yardstick for the field.
We had trouble deciding on the primary criterion for a promotion decision.
The new administration announced an increase in expenditure on health.
The proceeds of the concert were used to help third-world children.
He earned a handsome premium as payment for his services.
The cost of utilities in Tokyo is higher than that of most American cities.
The group decided to use the balance of the money on an excursion.
We waited anxiously for the payment of our dividends at the end of the year.
The EU's representative expressed dissatisfaction with China's growing trade surplus with Europe.
The nation had to take steps to reduce the national deficit.
Citizens with school-age children receive a deduction from their tax liability.
Many members had not paid their annual dues to the society.
The students resented the insinuation that they were lazy.
He resented the innuendo that he owed his success to his father.
Understanding the connotations of foreign words can be difficult.
There was a craze among young people for flying kites.
For a couple of years, there was a fad for studying philosophy.
The banks requested an infusion of capital from the government.
That year's intake of students was the best they had ever had.
We owe most of our knowledge of ancient civilizations to archaeologists.
The false banknotes were traced to a counterfeiter working abroad.
A respected churchman offered to act as a mediator in the dispute.
Many debtors are forced to borrow even more money to pay interest.
The village treated him as an outcast and refused to talk to him.
The king's favorite was considered a mere upstart by the other courtiers.
The student said that only bigots opposed further immigration.
My grandfather was the proprietor of a small general store for many years.
On my life insurance policy, I listed my wife and children as beneficiaries.
The math teacher was also warden of the student dorm.
The magistrate had the power to join people in matrimony.
I was asked to fill in a form which included questions about my spouse.
It was not easy for a foreigner to receive naturalization.
The subject of genetic research was still in its infancy.
He was enormously proud of the distinguished lineage of his family.
I sent a card to my friend offering my condolences over his recent loss.
After the party, the maid collected the leftovers to take home.
After working hard all his life, he wanted to enjoy the amenity of living in a cabin by the lake.
The family presented her with the picture as a keepsake of her visit.
She knew that it had been her parents' thrift that had sent her through college.
He ensures his subsistence only by selling hot sweet potatoes on street corners in Tokyo.
Destruction of their habitat had dramatically reduced the animal's numbers.
The inhabitants of nearby villages were told to evacuate.
He sat drinking tea and admiring the colors of the autumn foliage.
The SF writer was known for the fertility of his imagination.
There was an ebb in the company's fortunes as new rivals appeared.
Observation of human children reveals behavioral similarities to other primates.
Many people blamed pesticides for the disappearance of the bees.
Global warming is leading to an increased occurrence of famine.
Extensive irrigation of the desert had made it fertile farming land.
Some wine tasters have actually gone to school to train their palates.
The terrorist entered the politician's hotel in the guise of a reporter.
The child soon gave up any pretense of doing his homework.
The model ate a morsel of cake and declared herself full.
The ratio of applicants to those who were accepted began to drop.
It's my hope that she would still have at least a modicum of sympathy for him.
But for the intervention of the police, there could have been a riot.
An official investigation into the collision of the aircraft was announced.
The President had drawn up an impressive agenda of issues to discuss.
People were surprised by the young man's elevation to the post.
In capitalist societies, entrepreneurs play a very important role.
At the society, various scientific luminaries met and exchanged views.
The company has recently been accused of forming a monopoly.
He made a large profit when he sold his stake in the IT company to a bank.
The newspaper was criticized for its biased coverage of political issues.
Curiosity about everything is the hallmark of the true scientist.
The job was so difficult that no one would agree to do it without generous remuneration.
A new American law permits the confiscation of any convicted drug dealer's property.
The dissident was accused of organizing a conspiracy against the government.
The company's most important asset was its loyal workforce.
Some men find marriage too big a commitment to make.
Thousands of well-wishers attended the new president's inauguration.
A series of rash investments brought the company to bankruptcy.
The United Nations imposed a trade embargo on the nation.
At the meeting, he began by giving a brief rundown of the company's recent performance.
He noticed a number of debits on his bank statement that he had not made.
In some countries, bribery of officials is an accepted part of doing business.
The transaction turned out to be very profitable for the company.
The sudden imposition of the new tax was widely resented.
He used a loophole in the law to avoid paying tax.
The teacher told the students to include in their bibliographies all the books they use.
In America, it is very common to see caricatures, even of the President.
A historian often relies on ancient chronicles to reconstruct history.
The specter of mass unemployment hung over the whole country.
Local people claimed to have witnessed apparitions at the old house.
There was not sufficient stowage to take the whole cargo.
This bank is the repository of much of the country's gold reserves.
As the gradient became steeper, some of the cyclists gave up.
In general, the world's wealthier economies are in the northern hemisphere.
The artist lived in an attic in a poor part of Paris.
The fishing village was situated on a cove in the peninsula.
The green hills provided excellent pasture for local cattle.
The auditorium was packed with fans waiting for the concert.
Eventually the journalist found his niche as the newspaper's film critic.
Does your pet dog have any special attributes by which it can be recognized?
The little boy had all the traits of a mathematical genius.
We could never tell his disposition from the expression on his face.
We could all tolerate his idiosyncrasies as long as he contributed to our work.
His temperament is so gentle and quiet that it surprised us to see him angry.
His parents were concerned by his proclivity for taking risks with his money.
Christ and Buddha both showed great compassion for human suffering.
He found the company's complacency that it was superior to its rivals irritating.
No matter how tense things get, she always seems to keep her composure.
He was badly treated and felt no compunction about quitting the job.
The judge demanded the company's immediate compliance with his decision.
Her ambivalence towards the plan was clear to everyone.
The criminal's obscurity allowed him to disguise himself and escape.
We considered the splendid harvest a great boon to our fortunes.
Every year on Thanksgiving Day, Americans celebrate God's bounty.
His success came more from perseverance than talent.
His charm and affability made him popular with the students.
She had a magnetism that made her popular with her colleagues.
The undercover agent used the money as a lure to attract possible traitors.
Easy loans were an enticement to people to buy bigger houses.
It was easy to see the captivation the children had for the clown.
The detective had a hunch that the man was guilty but he lacked any hard evidence.
He acts almost completely at whim.
Her credulity can only be explained by her sheltered childhood.
He marched ahead with such alacrity that we could scarcely keep up.
Many automobile road deaths are caused by the intoxication of drivers.
His preoccupation with his career led him to neglect his family.
An introvert is someone who regularly avoids social contact with others.
The convicted murderer begged the governor for clemency.
I could tolerate his sharp disagreements but not his condescension.
One of his drawbacks as an administrator is his reluctance to make decisions.
Eventually, all memory of the earlier culture fell into oblivion.
One of his quirks was to read student essays in the bath.
He attacked the man with malice.
The expert denounced the conditions in the prison as an abomination.
Everyone admired the integrity and honesty of the judge.
Everyone praised the ingenuity of the new car's design.
His conceit led him to overestimate his importance to the company.
She disagreed with her boss, but his impartiality was never in question.
He described the policy of paying farmers not to grow crops as a bureaucratic absurdity.
While I often enjoy students' arguing with me, I can't tolerate their apathy.
While waiting in the airplane, we lessened the tedium by playing cards.
The lawyer threw doubt on the veracity of the witness's account.
It was hard to provide convincing verification of the theory.
The certitude of his religious convictions never failed to astonish me.
He defended his position with absolute conviction.
On an impulse, he accepted the job even though he could not speak Chinese.
The levity of the occasion led to an argument among the party guests.
In the middle of the speech, he lost the thread of his argument.
The scientist said she was on the threshold of a major discovery.
The American ideal of equity for all is far from being realized in reality.
One of his favorite constellations is Orion, named after a mythical Greek hunter.
The building was a shrine to a deity of the local people.
Due to their fragility, the old vases were kept in a locked case.
The prince addressed the multitude of well-wishers from the balcony.
The workers used various tactics to resist the new rules.
At small liberal-arts colleges in the U.S., teaching usually takes precedence over research.
They found effigies of the ancient gods in the cave.
The huge profits he anticipated turned out to be a mirage and he ended up broke.
With nothing to do, I could only watch the grandfather clock's pendulum swing to and fro.
His lifework reached its culmination when he won the Nobel Prize.
All the exhortations in the world are useless if they are not followed by action.
After only a week of solitary confinement, even strong men can become weak.
In some religious sects, sobriety is mandated as a basic rule of behavior.
The country was proud of its cultural heritage and had many good museums.
The success of the operation may provide an impetus for further medical advances in the field.
Many famous actors paid tribute to the Hollywood veteran.
The visitor's novelty wore off and the children went back to their games.
He worked as a courier carrying messages between companies thirty years ago.
The woman had an unexpected windfall when an aunt left her some money in her will.
An increasing number of teenagers today feel a certain kind of alienation from society.
One of the tenets of liberalism is a belief in freedom of speech.
Peace-keeping forces only provided a temporary respite from the violence.
The stigma of failure early in childhood can affect someone throughout life.
The audience was thrilled by the singer's renditions of various old favorites.
The union took a ballot of its members to decide whether to accept the management's offer.
The brawl at the soccer stadium left many wounded and five dead.
The crux of the matter was that the government refused to fund any more research into the disease.
He invented a contraption for removing snails from their shells.
In the 1960s, many young people associated with the hippie movement liked to burn incense.
After the minor car accident, I needed to take my car in for a wheel alignment.
The axis of the earth is tilted at an angle of 23.4 degrees.
The professor's circumlocutions were always entertaining to students.
No matter what configuration we tried, our architectural design seemed flawed.
The dimensions of our farm's largest soybean field were almost a square mile.
He could be recognized from a great distance by his characteristic gait.
The perimeter of the base was regularly patrolled by guards.
Many American universities are expelling students found guilty of plagiarism.
We had no recourse except mortgaging the house to pay the medical bills.
It is no longer possible to merely maintain the status quo; changes must be made.
A simple spark can initiate combustion of a highly volatile substance.
The novelist is praised for her sensitive delineation of character.
He used some rope to measure the diameter of the artificial pond.
The development of the vaccine was a milestone in medical history.
His French was good but he could not follow the local vernacular.
The philosopher Suzanne Langer claims that art is a semblance of life.
The military offered an attractive bonus as an inducement for reenlisting.
The accident at the chemical plant caused massive environmental contamination.
The inventor was famous for the number of patents he had taken out.
The most important commodity in this century will be information itself.
I am afraid he is prone to change his mind without prior notice.
Religious cults often experiment with communal living.
The student body was very diverse and included people from over fifty countries.
The boy's account of what happened was seamless and so hard to disprove.
Unlike Christianity, Buddhism does not acknowledge vicarious atonement.
The DVD was so popular that it became virtually unobtainable for a time.
In order to pass this course, attendance is mandatory.
The performance was abruptly cancelled when the actor fell ill.
The businessman found that the potential profits would be huge.
The chairman found his secretary so indispensable that he even took her with him on business trips.
Contiguous consonants rarely occur in Japanese.
This facility processes the crude materials before sending them to the manufacturing plant.
What I am about to tell you is confidential, so please do not repeat it.
The college's chemistry lab caught fire due to spontaneous combustion.
The police decided not to prosecute as they could only find circumstantial evidence against him.
Activists said the change in the law was long overdue and should have been introduced earlier.
His purple and pink tie certainly made him conspicuous in a crowd.
We could only reach a tentative agreement after months of negotiation.
The sociologist began by describing the demographic profile of the community he was studying.
An exploratory survey had found clear signs of the presence of oil.
They made plans for a hypothetical terrorist attack on the airport.
He said her claims were an outright invention with no basis in fact.
The building looked medieval, but it was actually not that old.
Contemporary furniture often values interesting designs over comfort.
In tropical climates, stagnant water can be a breeding place for malaria.
The recent economic signs indicate bleak prospects for the near future.
The giant sloth is characterized by its unusually sluggish movements.
Artificial hearts are one example of bionic medicine.
The ethnic group was genetically liable to certain allergies.
My wife enjoys creating hybrid species of orchids in our greenhouse.
Though far from extinct, sea turtles are seriously endangered.
The border dispute remained dormant for years before suddenly flaring up again.
The government is finally pressuring industry to reduce toxic wastes.
Pollens at different times of the year can exacerbate respiratory problems.
John F. Kennedy suffered from chronic back pain.
Once he started gambling, he found it addictive and was unable to stop.
The Christmas pantomime of “Sleeping Beauty” is a perennial favorite with British children.
We accepted the fact that our defeat was probably inevitable.
Immediate action is imperative to prevent an AIDS epidemic in Asia.
The group demanded the university adopt an ethical investment policy.
The theory is plausible but by no means proved.
The defense lawyer said his client was psychologically unstable.
Jeane Dixon was thought to have the psychic power to predict the future.
She suffered from the common adolescent worries about identity.
The team was dispirited by their failure to win even one game.
The documentary told a distressing tale of cruelty and greed.
The author published an empathic account of the accident's victims.
In his statement, he was emphatic that he was innocent of the crime.
The girl sat without moving, like an inanimate object.
His ideas were so inane, I didn't bother to refute them.
Some birds have an innate tendency to mate for life.
At first, people were incredulous but later they came to believe him.
As he grew older, he became increasingly intolerant of outsiders.
The icy desert terrain was highly inhospitable to travelers.
He found his accumulating debts an intractable problem.
The woman objected strongly to the detective's intrusive questions.
Relativity rendered some assumptions of classical physics invalid.
The mystery novels of Arthur Conan Doyle are intricate puzzles.
The absent-minded professor almost invariably forgot to attend staff meetings.
He had an irrational belief in his own invulnerability to harm.
The government's irresolute response to the economic crisis only made things worse.
His point is valid, but irrelevant to the ongoing discussion.
When students slept in class, he would suddenly become very irate.
Washington Automobiles drastically reduced the executives' expense allowances.
She did her best not to appear overly confident in the interview.
The computer I bought last year is already obsolete.
After less than a week, bread is usually too stale to eat.
A decrepit old man clung to the pole as the train lurched forward.
The poet was highly gratified by the good reviews he received.
Having won the race, the boy sat wearing a blissful expression.
The hotel provided its guests with a bountiful buffet breakfast.
His tutor told him the essay was a decent effort but not outstanding.
His assistant was a personable and intelligent young man.
The chairperson said that they would always be receptive to constructive proposals for improvement.
The divorced couple found it impossible to have an amicable conversation.
The weather was highly propitious for their journey across the sea.
The school was run benevolently by a gentle old lady.
The boy did his homework dutifully but with little real pleasure.
The man spoke expansively of his future plans for the company.
Even though the apartment was small, he found it adequate for himself.
The new drug proved an efficacious remedy against the disease.
The millionaire lived in an enormous house on the edge of town.
The employee's ability to speak Chinese proved invaluable to the company.
The only response to my request was an explicit “no.”
Diana found the tranquil atmosphere of the little village soothing.
The young man led a virtuous life at college.
His urbane manners and classy dress contributed to his business success.
What a charming, cozy little house!
They divorced after only a year because they just weren't compatible.
At first the man seemed quite genial, but then he became angry and aggressive.
Confronted by the larger dog, the puppy adopted the submissive pose of rolling onto its back.
He seems more amenable to compromise after today's meeting.
Our new economic plan is both innovative and feasible.
We came to the party anticipating copious amounts of food and beverages.
I spoke to my friend about my problem because I know he is discreet.
The character of Mr. Bean is a hilarious example of slap-stick comedy.
We all had a jubilant celebration at our high school reunion.
Plastic is a valuable commodity because it is both pliable and strong.
The girl took a course to learn how to be more assertive.
My mother is a liberal but completely devout Roman Catholic.
She was furious that intimate details of her private life had been made public.
The new car has an optimum speed of 140 miles per hour.
The sea today is placid and the weather sunny and bright.
She is the most assiduous and dedicated student in the class.
The book was an authoritative treatment of contemporary legal theory.
The general decided to launch a full-fledged attack on the town.
As the judge didn't think that the evidence was pertinent, he suppressed it.
She felt as if she were being guided by a transcendent being.
The President is now facing the most crucial decision of his career.
He has a distinct Scottish accent that many found attractive.
Although not well articulated, the students' demands were legitimate.
The footballer was a versatile player, equally good at attack and defense.
The student was disappointed to discover that he was not eligible for a scholarship.
His inventions are ingenious solutions to practical problems.
We considered the issue carefully to be sure of a judicious decision.
He has always been good, but now he has become a consummate violinist.
The 1990s saw a larger number of hostile business takeovers.
He studied like a possessed man for his examinations.
Police on the scene were appalled at the vicious nature of the crime.
The lecturer said that he would not answer such a frivolous question.
His colleagues were surprised by his petulant display of bad temper.
The young girl's capricious nature has baffled all her boyfriends.
The friendly behavior of the villagers turned out to be deceptive.
As the mob became more unruly, the police sent for help.
In Shakespeare's “Othello”, Iago represents a totally malevolent force.
The crabby old man was thoroughly disliked by his neighbors.
The society ladies were haughty and condescending toward the poor.
His obnoxious remarks made him unpopular with his colleagues.
“Romeo and Juliet” may be the world's most famous and poignant love story.
Drugs have rendered the virus inert but have failed to kill it completely.
Some of the audience felt embarrassed by the vulgar jokes he told.
The uproar over such a trivial problem is hard to understand.
His ideas are good but his redundant writing style can be rather tedious.
The released hostages looked tired and disorientated but happy to be free.
The sect's most arcane teachings were never written down.
It was easy to forgive his error since everyone is fallible.
The golfer was nervous because he knew that his opponent was a formidable player.
The politician's confrontational attitude in the debate lost him many supporters.
The series of scandals had a corrosive effect on the government's support.
The teenager said the food tasted lousy and he wouldn't eat it.
The dog growled menacingly as the man approached the front door.
He drove so recklessly that the police stopped him for questioning.
The ruthless cuts in welfare expenditure made the prime minister unpopular.
In times of crisis, one must be swift but never be rash.
His views of the world are rather naive, probably due to his inexperience.
Rowing is said to be one of the most strenuous sporting activities.
The original novel was excellent, but the screenplay was a trite imitation.
Although the work was tedious, the pay was very good.
We started to insist on our point when the boss gave us a stern look.
The novel was well written but devoid of any excitement.
She was so happy that even the dreary weather could not depress her.
Tokyo Station at rush hour is a hectic bustle of activity.
Despite the dismal rainy weather, they enjoyed their visit to London.
The old man was too frail to walk unaided.
Although highly competent, his company fired him for an illicit affair.
He told me the most bizarre story I had ever heard.
The shirt looked beautiful but its coarse fabric made it uncomfortable.
The government inspectors criticized the lax discipline in the school.
The abandoned cat looked so pathetic that he decided to rescue it and take it home.
A person trained in martial arts can deliver lethal blows by hand.
After two weeks in the wilderness, we all looked rough and disheveled.
After the storm, the cat returned in a bedraggled state.
He made an ambiguous statement that could have signified an agreement.
Her response to his marriage proposal was oddly equivocal.
His remarks were so obscure that few people understood them.
Initially, he enjoyed the class, but then it began to bore him.
Funds were low and, consequently, the annual picnic had to be cancelled.
The woman said that she wanted ultimately to work as a lawyer.
One problem faced the college, namely, a lack of students.
Although he was nominally in charge, the real decisions were made by others.
The deserts of Arabia are vast, barren landscapes.
It is extremely important to use sterile bandages when treating a wound.
It was a cardinal rule of his to be always punctual.
My seven-year-old son is just learning the rudimentary principles of math.
I got a small shock from static electricity when I touched the door knob.
Please wait until the train is stationary before getting off.
As he looked up at the countless stars, he felt very small indeed.
Anything we could not clearly classify belonged to a miscellaneous group.
It was difficult to get through the dense undergrowth.
Although a brilliant researcher, he was a commonplace lecturer.
His latest movie is mediocre at best.
We decided to protect our table top with a transparent plastic sheet.
I knew the stone was not really an emerald because it was opaque.
She always prepares nutritious but bland meals for the family.
The pyramids have long been a stupendous sight for tourists.
His view of history was criticized as schematic and oversimplified.
The social scientist demonstrated statistically the existence of discrimination.
The committee voted unanimously to fund the project.
The preacher spoke monotonously, with little expression in his voice.
She was a very impulsive person and often did things she regretted later.
Though usually reticent, he is sometimes quite talkative.
His health was eventually damaged by his habitual drinking.
The man was flabbergasted when his wife left him.
The rocket launch seemed destined to fail from the start.
The army decided to begin disciplinary proceedings against him.
The man claimed to have received a divine revelation in a dream.
The girl's clothes lay jumbled together in a heap on the floor.
Despite having been a small child, he was now a lanky teenager.
The nomads had a migratory lifestyle, moving according to the season.
One feature of primates is that they have opposable thumbs.
The missionary tried to convert them from their polytheistic beliefs.
He plucked a succulent peach and began to eat it.
The famous old school was synonymous with high academic achievement.
The company bought an adjacent piece of land and turned it into the employee parking lot.
He felt insulted by the paltry sum he was paid for the translation.
My mother enjoys buying paintings of bucolic scenes.
Priests and nuns often vow to remain celibate throughout their lives.
The residents petitioned their city government for a pedestrian walkway.
In the early 1960s, John F. Kennedy inspired the first lunar landing.
She studied at a school for simultaneous translation.
The foreign dignitaries were treated to a lavish banquet consisting of ten different courses.
England is known for the quaint cottages in its lush green countryside.
All conventional approaches to the problem had failed to work.
The students sat completely still as if bewitched by the lecturer.
The course included a comprehensive study on whales.
There was the tremendous sound of an explosion nearby.
Following five years of exponential growth, the country had huge reserves of foreign currency.
My siblings and I share an idyllic memory of our childhood on the farm.
The late Shah of Iran angered his people with his pompous, lavish parties.
That baritone became a sensation for his versatile and resonant voice.
I grew up in a rustic farm area of southern Indiana, in America.
In semi-arid conditions, rainfall is too sparse for most crops.
He was poisoned by what he thought was an edible mushroom.
During the war, his job was to decipher enemy codes.
She felt she could not defy her boss's direct order.
A team was formed to tackle the problem of childhood obesity.
Everything the new secretary did antagonized her employer.
In the end, the king's decision precipitated a civil war.
The official threatened retribution if they did not capitulate to his demands.
The boxer vanquished his opponent in the fourth round.
Brandishing a wad of bills, he ordered everyone drinks.
The candidate visited local homes to canvass support in the election.
He was warned to be careful not to contravene any of the conditions.
The government tried to edify people about the dangers of the drug.
The tobacco companies lobbied against the new regulations.
He matriculated as a student of the college last year.
Following a rise in the value of the currency, exports slumped immediately.
In order to augment my income, I work several part-time jobs.
The woman's face blanched when she heard the news.
As soon as he arrived, he consigned the goods to the customer.
The committee asked her to delineate her plans for improvement.
Without thinking, she blurted his name to the police.
The journalist asked the detective what he had deduced so far.
Poor nations are worried that emission controls will impoverish them further.
The information had been purveyed to them by a concerned worker.
The American Constitution says that all men are endowed with certain rights.
The fans jostled each other as they tried to get nearer to the stage.
The magician claimed he could levitate two meters in the air.
The notorious novel spawned many similar works by other writers.
The teenager was caught trafficking drugs to local people.
The man did not eschew even blackmail to achieve his ends.
The garden had been hedged with tall trees to break the wind.
The local council decided to mount security cameras in the area.
The doctor hypothesized that the infection was carried by water.
The entertainer hypnotized the man into thinking he was a dog.
The bishop performed a ceremony to consecrate the new church.
He contrived excuses to visit the shop and talk to the girl there.
I must concede that I did not do as well as I should have in the competition.
Most members of the society concurred in the decision to expel him.
The company managed to consolidate its profits in the second quarter.
His films were acclaimed for their honesty and realism.
After his death, many people eulogized him at the funeral.
There was not enough evidence to prosecute the suspect.
The murder case is supposed to be adjudicated in the High Court next month.
In a traditional ritual, the new king was anointed by a priest.
An expert was called in to arbitrate the industrial dispute.
After a lengthy trial, the businessman was convicted of fraud.
He decided not to litigate because of the expense it would involve.
The politician said he wanted to ameliorate conditions in the slums.
The company employed a team of PR consultants to revamp its image.
The policeman was reinstated when the charges were shown to be false.
The near-drowning victim was resuscitated by lifeguards.
They were ambushed by a gang of bandits in the night.
The fan managed to waylay the pop star in the corridor of his hotel.
The drunk suddenly lurched into a group of girls who were passing.
The young child was afraid of the monster that lurked under the bed.
Many scientists were astounded at reports of primitive life on Mars.
The students were totally baffled by the final examination questions.
He was increasingly perturbed by the rumors of downsizing.
The fact that he had not been promoted rankled him.
He was so agitated when his daughter failed to come home by 11 that he called the police.
Although they bemoaned their lack of money, they did little about it.
People around the world lamented the death of Mother Theresa.
She felt niggled by the fact he had forgotten her birthday.
She told her son not to pester his sister while she was doing her homework.
The illness had debilitated him so much that he could no longer walk.
She did what he asked without demurring in the slightest.
We hoped the storm would abate soon so we could go out.
The couple did their best to pare their expenses to a minimum.
He pruned all unnecessary personnel from the department.
In the end, he truncated the essay so as to meet the word limit.
He accused the scientist of trying to obfuscate his errors.
The businessman did his best to obliterate all signs of his crime.
When asked if he would resign, the minister equivocated on the issue.
The society's aim was to diffuse their founder's ideas among the public.
Cancer is a disorder that causes affected cells to proliferate out of control.
The owner of the magazine used it to promulgate his environmentalist convictions.
Modern algebra essentially emanated from Muslim culture in the Middle Ages.
The American Civil War was fought in part to emancipate the slaves.
Through no fault of his own, he became embroiled in a scandal.
Bad weather conditions encumbered the mountain climbers' efforts.
During the Cold War, Soviet spies managed to entrench themselves in various Western security services.
He said it was impossible to enumerate all the problems they had faced.
His intransigent attitude does not completely preclude a final reconciliation.
The rules for taking the exam were prescribed carefully in writing.
The police officer told him to stop prevaricating and to answer the question.
After the divorce, he found it hard to externalize his feelings.
The fans exulted over their football team's first national championship.
He did his best to expiate his original mistake.
He said he needed time to cogitate the problem before deciding.
Socrates was said to have gone into trances while he pondered enigmas.
The deposed leader was banished to a neighboring country.
After the fight, he was debarred from the club permanently.
The soldiers' job was to harry the advancing army.
Their spy managed to infiltrate the rival company and discover their plans.
He was about to sign the contract when he was suddenly assailed by doubts.
The area was ravaged by storms during the winter months.
Pirates would attack ships and plunder whatever of value they carried.
Some people took advantage of the hurricane to loot local stores.
Anti-ballistic missiles are designed to intercept incoming missile attacks.
The weather impeded our progress so much that we gave up work for the day.
Years of poor management had stunted the company's profits.
The church had a bad record for persecuting rival faiths.
Their boss did his best to stymie their project but he failed.
The aim of the raid was to annihilate the enemy munitions factory.
The shells were pulverized in order to create a fine powder.
The president overrode his subordinate's decision and restored the original plan.
It seemed like a miracle that the terrorists' plans were foiled.
Local people resented any attempt to foist foreign customs on them.
Some fear that environmental controls will inhibit material progress.
The case collapsed after the chief witness recanted her evidence.
Later in life, he repudiated the radical ideas of his youth and became a leading conservative.
The man was reviled for cooperating with the enemy.
The comedian denied any intention to satirize the famous politician.
As the war receded into the past, people began to analyze it more objectively.
Although he had lived abroad for years, he never relinquished his citizenship.
By a stroke of luck, the students were reprieved from taking the exam.
America's Civil War began when Southern states tried to secede from the Union.
A kitchen knife that could slash even through bone was advertised on television.
He took some scissors and snipped off a lock of her hair.
A thief suddenly snatched her purse and ran out of the restaurant.
He was caught snitching some sweets from the supermarket.
It seemed that someone was pilfering small change from students' purses.
The right to strike for workers is usually abrogated in wartime.
The official inquiry absolved him of any responsibility for the accident.
The decision was rescinded because it was found unconstitutional.
Members of the public decried the corruption of their leaders.
He told the young man to have more pride and to stop denigrating his own country.
Immigration officials mistakenly detained me at the airport for five hours.
When the scandal came to light, even his supporters began to disavow knowing him.
She said that she disdained to answer such an impertinent question.
The spy said that he had grown tired of dissembling his true identity over the years.
Public confidence in the economy has slowly been eroding.
Acid will corrode even the toughest cast-iron structures.
Some creatures molt at regular intervals.
The flies were scientifically useful because they mutated so quickly.
Having lost his father in early childhood, he was bereaved of his love and affection.
The leader found it hard to exorcise the defeatism that gripped the party.
Human beings will need to increasingly exploit renewable energy sources in this century.
People could not expunge the shocking incident from their memories.
The bank found it difficult to extricate itself from the financial disaster.
By extrapolating from current statistics, we can predict the population level in 50 years' time.
The war criminal was extradited to Germany.
As soon as they were given funding, they began to execute the plan.
Three detectives interrogated the suspect for hours, but he refused to betray his friends.
There were calls for the government to legislate against such acts.
The girl pleaded in vain to be allowed to attend the concert.
The environmental activist was soliciting signatures for the petition from passers-by.
The soldiers were convicted of torturing the terrorist suspects.
Stray dogs scavenged in the waste site for discarded food.
They scoured the apartment looking for the missing earring but were unable to find it.
The old man scrabbled on the floor for his spectacles.
However much the media vilified him, his popularity grew.
He paid up because he hated wrangling with people over money.
Ex-President Jimmy Carter drawled in typical Georgian dialect when he spoke.
It took him numerous lectures to elucidate Saussure's linguistic theories.
They cleaned the water by percolating it through a layer of sand.
Rumors of the illness pervaded a large section of the city.
A file of relevant documents was appended to the report.
The woman upended her bag and spilled the contents on the table.
Because he was teething, the baby dribbled saliva constantly.
They discovered that a rat had gnawed through the electricity cable.
The millionaire loved to regale guests with expensive foods and wines.
The students sat swilling tea and munching the homemade cookies.
When the keeper approached the lion cubs, their mother snarled threateningly.
It seemed that nothing could faze his sense of self-confidence.
Her main objective seems to be to foment disharmony among staff members.
The boy straddled the branch and began to eat a banana.
The coach strutted up and down, shouting at his team.
As soon as the department store opened, shoppers swarmed in.
All the profits that accrued were to be devoted to helping hungry children.
Chastened by their scolding, the children sat quietly at their desks.
He could see the bacteria clumping together under the microscope.
Every day I seem to clutter up my office more with papers and books.
He gleaned from his boss's expression that she did not agree with him.
To stop the prisoner escaping, his legs were hobbled with chains.
The children huddled together in their tent to keep warm.
Fire experts determined that the fire had been ignited by an electric spark.
All his research notes were incinerated in the fire at the lab.
Just before the wedding, she was suddenly jilted by her fiancé.
He prodded me to continue walking even after I was exhausted.
She deliberately snubbed him at the party by refusing to dance with him.
During his trip, he sojourned for a few days on the tropical island.
His attempts to improve the situation only tangled it further.
He didn't want the post, but the board of directors thrust it upon him.
The subordinate was accused of usurping his superior's authority.
Exchange rates over the past year have vacillated wildly, especially in Asia.
As he walked past, a homeless man accosted him for money.
Persistent inflation steadily attenuated the value of their wages.
He was beguiled by the attractive saleswoman into buying a complete set of the encyclopedia.
He picked up the ball and ran, but was immediately clobbered by the opposing team.
The frightened dog was cringing in the corner of the room.
As the sun rose, the fog began to dissipate.
To prevent a panic, the expert downplayed the danger of the disease.
She felt completely frazzled after looking after her grandchildren all day.
He hoarded money for many years, and eventually died wealthy, but miserable.
His car was impounded by the police after he left it illegally parked.
He was irked by his colleague's critical remarks about his work.
The nervous young actor completely mangled his first speech.
His research negated the government's claims that it was uninvolved.
He cleverly parried the criticism by turning it back on his opponent.
The students continued to procrastinate in completing their senior theses.
The value of the IT company's shares quadrupled overnight.
The sound of the rifle reverberated across the empty field.
The heavy mist shrouded Mt. Fuji from view.
The man smeared butter, then honey on a chunk of bread.
The closure of the factory spelled economic disaster for the community.
He splurged most of the inheritance on an expensive holiday abroad.
Since the photographer was looking into the sun, he squinted his eyes to see.
The artist's clothes were streaked with different colored paints.
However hard they strove, they still fell into debt by the end of the month.
The cyclist swerved to avoid the child and crashed into a wall.
The other boys taunted him about the Valentine card he had received.
After drinking late the night before, his head throbbed with pain.
The valley was inundated when a large dam sprung a major leak.
About a week after New Year's, classes will resume.
At first, the students spoke English to each other, but after a while they lapsed into their native Chinese.
Irish nationalists waged a campaign against British occupation for decades.
After conferring with his client, the lawyer said that he had no more questions.
He complained that he was being maligned for no reason.
Can you conjugate the verb “to go”?
The population had been decimated by warfare and hunger.
The divorcing couple waged a bitter court fight over custody of their children.
His intellectual faculties are still acute, despite his advanced age.
Care of the local parks was the municipality's responsibility.
The atom bomb was developed by splitting the nucleus of an atom.
I would like to travel after retirement, but I may be limited by a paucity of funds.
The coach predicted that the loss would act as a spur to the team.
My friend said that he had a business proposition for me.
The poor sales were a serious setback for the company.
The shop displayed an array of different kinds of cloth.
The leader said legislators should vote according to their consciences.
Socrates, like Confucius, is famous for his pithy dictums.
His initial fervor for studying philosophy began to wear off.
Although the goods were cheap, the cost of the freight was too high.
The young couple managed to buy a house by accepting a 30-year mortgage.
The scholar was attempting to decipher the inscription on the tomb.
The animals could only survive above a certain latitude.
Rules of propriety have changed a great deal over the past century.
We hoped that our meeting would help us develop a trusting and fruitful rapport.
For years, the man's theory remained nothing more than a hypothesis.
His opposition to nuclear power made him an icon for environmentalists.
People queued up to receive their weekly dispensation of rations.
During the Vietnam War, young men got a draft deferment for attending college.
After their argument, he ignored all of his former friend's overtures.
John Paul Jones was a famous American patriot in the Revolutionary War.
Bees play an important role in the pollination of many fruit trees.
The countries formed a temporary alliance against their threatening neighbor.
I once worked for the Midwest University Consortium of International Affairs.
The President sent a large delegation to represent his nation at the conference.
The prime minister was forced to call for new elections when his ruling coalition collapsed.
At university, the poet joined a fraternity that studied magic.
He denounced the investigation as a charade aimed at appeasing the public.
The prince was revealed to be a charlatan unrelated to royalty.
The fire was a terrible catastrophe for the victims' families.
The typhoon was a major calamity to businesses in the area.
His activities as a spy resulted in his expulsion from the country.
They brought in specialists for the extermination of the rats that had infested the house.
The world is threatened with annihilation from nuclear weapons.
A public outcry against the decision was soon raised.
She could not suppress her outrage at the court's decision.
Opinion polls showed that the legislature was increasingly unpopular.
He had once served as a juror in a complicated murder trial.
The police could not make an arrest because they lacked legal jurisdiction in the area.
The accusations were dismissed because of a lack of evidence.
The articles led to the detective's indictment for corruption.
The company concluded that litigation was the only course available.
When threatened with impeachment, Richard Nixon resigned from the American presidency.
Questions were raised concerning the legitimacy of the decision to attack.
The lawyer took my affidavit to use in court rather than insist that I appear in person.
The plaintiff insisted that he had been the victim of a frame-up.
The perpetrator of the crime was betrayed by an informer.
The detective said the criminal must have had an accomplice in the bank.
Many of President Nixon's cabinet members were charged with complicity in the Watergate cover-up.
The priest made a plea for both sides to stop fighting.
The U.N. called for immediate condemnation of that nation's latest actions.
The judge promised to take all the facts into account during his deliberation.
New evidence led to the acquittal of all the defendants.
The judge set bail at $30,000 for the robbery suspect.
The judge ordered the boy to spend a week in a center for juvenile detention.
The acceptance of the gift was considered an infraction of the rules.
The insurance scheme turned out to be a complex tax fraud.
After twenty years of undercover espionage, he was finally discovered.
Eventually, the thief was found guilty of larceny and imprisoned.
The witness who had lied was charged with perjury by the police.
Anyone convicted of a felony in the United States may lose some of his rights as a citizen.
The judge ordered the commutation of the man's death sentence to life imprisonment.
The man was so powerful that he could do virtually anything with impunity.
The indemnity paid to the country was used to establish a university.
The defendant said his behavior had been a temporary aberration.
The lawyer said the onus to prove guilt lay with the prosecution.
I agreed to support their proposal if they would make minor amendments.
In the vote on the appointment, there were three abstentions.
The candidate requested the annulment of the election result.
The playwright had been a strong supporter of women's suffrage.
The prime minister continued to be popular in his own constituency.
His mysterious ailment keeps him from working on a regular basis.
She suffered from a mysterious malady that made her feel tired all the time.
Her severe migraines made it difficult for her to work properly.
The tear gas caused severe inflammation of the eyes.
The fossil of the tail allowed the scientists to reconstruct the anatomy of the dinosaur.
He was given a complete anesthetic before the operation on his stomach.
Although the new treatment seemed very promising, doctors warned that it was not a panacea.
Experts are still divided as to the causes of autism.
Her doctor advised her to visit a neurologist as soon as possible.
The little girl had her irregular teeth fixed by an orthodontist.
Pro-abortionists make a distinction between a human embryo and human life.
Then, at the pinnacle of his career, an injury forced the footballer to retire.
He fell into the common pitfall of becoming overconfident about his abilities.
The local church was the pivot of the community's social life.
The ancient Greeks were precursors of modern science.
The introduced species had few natural predators and spread rapidly.
There are now many dire premonitions about the end of the world.
The prevalence of computers has both merits and demerits.
Since precipitation is expected to be below normal this year, farmers fear a poor harvest.
The aim of the system was the preclusion of strangers from the campus.
I was unaware of his strong predilection for sweet cakes and hot tea.
After some prevarication, the clerk finally admitted losing the application.
The filmmaker decided to make a record of the event for posterity.
Every man wants to do his best to protect and help his progeny succeed in life.
The prosecution's clever argument was countered by an even more convincing rebuttal.
Following his renunciation of the throne, the former king led a quiet life.
The projection of future profits turned out to be too optimistic.
At the time, his prophecy of ecological catastrophe was ignored.
He devoted himself to the propagation of his pacifist beliefs.
The protagonist of the play was seen as the author's self-portrait.
There was a large rocky protrusion on the side of the hill.
The couple finally agreed to a reconciliation after a long separation.
A local referendum in California approved the use of marijuana for medicinal purposes.
As a reparation for being late, he offered to pay for the meal.
The restoration of the fire-damaged palace took over five years.
The threat of war led to a resurgence of support for the President.
Jesus' resurrection is a central tenet of orthodox Christian belief.
At the end of every term, the university always seems in great turmoil.
After a secret trial, the military spy was executed for treason.
They guessed that the attack was a retaliation for their earlier raid.
Army leaders were involved in a plot to depose the country's President.
Conscription in the United States ended after the Vietnam War.
The principal's problems were made worse by infighting among his staff.
Troops were sent in to crush the insurrection in the province.
Many people doubted the neutrality of the investigation.
The sudden onrush of the enemy took them by surprise.
The spokesman denied that any persecution of dissidents had taken place.
The prime minister directed operations from a secret bunker.
The attempt to rescue hostages in Iran turned into a debacle.
With time, the number of defectors from the regime increased.
The scientists were powerful advocates of nuclear disarmament.
The factory should have taken proper measures to prevent such mishaps.
The explosion caused a number of fatalities as well as widespread damage.
The death toll from the railway accident continued to climb.
After the defeat, a series of rebellions broke out around the country.
The dispute led to a schism in the opposition camp.
The company's clever maneuver in the market solidified its monopoly.
Who carried out the massacre of the villagers remains a matter of dispute.
The recent rapprochement between India and the United States augurs well for peace in the region.
He did not know why, but he felt sure he was under police surveillance.
The sailors were all headed home after getting a two-week furlough.
Inmates in a local prison rioted and took several guards hostage.
He spent the morning clearing up the debris left by the storm.
The city council voted to destroy an old derelict still afloat in the harbor.
Remains of Roman fortifications were discovered near the town.
The fortress of a local warlord is rumored to be somewhere in the mountains.
Becoming a Zen monk often requires a great deal of zeal and fortitude.
Before we can make significant changes in society, we must overcome the inertia of the past.
After she left home, she threw off her inhibitions and enjoyed herself.
He lost his religious faith and remained a confirmed atheist for the rest of his life.
Eventually, the heretics were expelled, and they started their own church.
The Pope himself offered benedictions at the groundbreaking for the new church.
An anonymous benefactor had donated a large sum to the orphanage.
During the inquisition in Europe, blasphemy was punishable by death.
His conversion to Islam shocked many of his Christian friends.
The consecration of the new bishop was attended by many important dignitaries.
Although holding no political post, Christ was given the denomination of ‘king.’
Tourists were strictly forbidden from entering the religious sanctuary.
The people believed that the boy was an incarnation of their god.
There was growing discontent with the cost-cutting policies.
The growing dissonance between the two groups made cooperation difficult.
The divulgence of the secret agreement was a blow to the minister.
The U.N. delegation was appalled at the destitution they saw in the war-torn country.
Many people protested against the demolition of the old courthouse.
Everyone is concerned about the rapid depletion of fossil fuels.
We viewed the Secretary of State's actions as a major detriment to world peace.
The president of the university would tolerate no deviation from his regulations.
In times of national crisis, the leaders often call for solidarity.
America has fought several wars to protect its sovereignty.
Most of the employees were conformists, unwilling to stand out.
The prime minister's deputy took control of the government in the crisis of power.
Neighboring countries were invited to send envoys to the talks.
A monarch usually gains his or her power by virtue of his or her lineage.
The laureates all arrived in Stockholm for the Nobel awards' ceremony.
He had suffered severe damage to the cortex of the brain.
While atoms consist of sub-atomic particles, molecules consist of an arrangement of atoms.
Language and cognition are important topics for psycholinguistic research.
The hillsides in spring are decorated with clusters of daffodils.
In Milton's narrative poem “Paradise Lost”, God threw Satan into the abyss of Hell.
Doctors tried as hard as they could to relieve his terrible affliction.
In an addendum to the book, he discussed the new findings.
Motivated by avarice, the heirs to a family fortune reportedly committed murder.
The only blemish on his record was a conviction for dangerous driving when he was a student.
The economy was hovering on the brink of a recession.
The new tax helped to swell the coffers of the government.
He disliked the constriction that came from being a public official.
The Romanov dynasty came to an end with the Russian communist revolution.
Despite his colleagues' entreaties, he insisted on resigning.
Some of the epitaphs in the graveyard were surprisingly humorous.
This was the author's first foray into non-fiction writing.
The old man lived the life of a hermit in the mountains for years.
The obvious impurity of his motives laid him open to criticism.
She recognized the insignia of the military police on his uniform.
On the jubilee of the coronation, street parties were held everywhere.
She entered every detail of her expenditure in a large ledger.
The new teacher was surprised by the malleability of her students.
He painted a picture of his wife in repose on a sofa.
Each police precinct patrols its own neighborhood.
He said that psychoanalysis was a mere pseudoscience like astrology.
The high-quality violin had a beautiful resonance.
The priest was known for the sanctity of his private life.
Improvements in sanitation contributed to the disease's eradication.
Everyone admired the savvy with which the foreman solved problems.
The slave dreamed of escaping from his servitude to his master.
The guide emphasized the need for stealth so as not to frighten the deer.
The Florida swamps are known as the ‘Everglades.’
The students helped to overthrow the tyranny of the dictator.
Technical developments have increased the velocity of trains.
The judges' wigs were a vestige of the country's colonial period.
The man sold his car of his own volition.
Pop stars often receive tremendous adulation from their fans.
The humor of Mark Twain's “Connecticut Yankee” is based on anachronisms.
The tenant still had not paid the arrears on his rent.
The organization has gained some autonomy from the government.
The man had kept his daughter a captive in her own home.
There was a huge public clamor over the recent political scandals.
Although she tried by every contrivance to fool me, I didn't believe her.
The first brigade that advanced to the east was merely a decoy for the real attack.
The novelist had an epiphany while looking at the sea.
Whenever he drinks more than one beer, he tends to lose his equilibrium.
If he only had been given the leeway to look for other solutions, he might have solved the problem.
The man insisted that he had no leverage on the present administration.
The detective searched for evidence of some linkage between the two crimes.
The migration of young people to the cities is a growing problem.
We posted guards on the periphery of the camp in case anyone tried to infiltrate in the night.
The serfs of the Middle Ages were given a specified quantum of grain in return for their labor.
There wasn't a sufficient quorum for a legal vote at the meeting.
He showed surprisingly little rancor towards those who had forced him to resign his position.
The kidnappers demanded an enormous ransom from the parents.
The recent crash of a 747 was first attributed to sabotage.
The government prefers to find a scapegoat rather than acknowledge its own responsibility.
The boys came up with a scheme to get revenge on the teacher.
Racial segregation in the American South continued long after the Civil War.
Satellite photos of movements in the earth's surface have advanced the accuracy of seismology.
The unkempt prisoner appeared in court still in shackles.
The typical Western film ends with a showdown between the good guys and the bad guys.
My son got a splinter in his hand from carrying the newly cut boards.
His wife went on a shopping spree before Christmas and used all the money they had saved.
Even after retirement, the old man received an adequate stipend from his investments.
The earthquake had led to widespread subsidence in the area.
He said that the Finance Ministry was still under the sway of outdated economic theories.
To protect its own industry, the country placed a tariff on steel imports.
The applicant had added a testimonial from his previous boss.
The fans were celebrating the triumph of their team in the championships.
The upshot of his confession was that he was responsible for the crime he had been accused of.
He was on the verge of losing his temper, but he managed to look calm.
The army used a computer to produce a simulation of what would happen if the country was invaded.
The doctor delivered a diatribe against the evils of smoking.
Electoral considerations led the government to delay the tax rise.
The young candidate knew that it would be difficult to unseat the incumbent mayor.
He insisted that the negotiations had been fair and aboveboard.
His answer in the interview fatally ruined his chances of getting the job.
The machine was used to measure neural activity in the brain.
The police visit was part of an ongoing campaign against illegal drug use.
The problem was finally traced to a flawed component in the engine.
Although he was short in stature, Napoleon's bearing made him an imposing figure.
Most truly spiritual people help others with the mundane problems of life.
The immigrants formed a close cohesive community.
Sorting out all his father's papers was a daunting task for him.
Many said the punishments were disproportionately severe.
The knights of medieval times were supposed to be gallant and trustworthy.
After eating a hefty lunch, he began to feel sleepy at his desk.
He said that such a complex problem needed a holistic solution.
The movie was so long and boring it seemed interminable.
The scientist was awarded the prize for his achievements posthumously.
Many scientists are looking for sustainable energy sources.
The boy's obsessive interest in guns began to worry his parents.
The old secretary was famous for her retentive memory.
He believed that such a venerable tradition should not be cast aside lightly.
His idiosyncratic approach to teaching annoyed some of his colleagues.
The children resented the condescending way the visitor spoke to them.
Since I am not clairvoyant, I cannot predict the future.
He answered her distractedly, as though he were thinking about something else.
A chaotic mess of clothes and books lay on the floor.
The general became the de facto ruler of the country.
The rich man installed a state-of-the-art security system in his house.
The general said that the battle plan was logistically impossible.
Most of the people in the village worked in a tribally owned business.
The Westernization of the diet led to increased cardiovascular problems.
Carnivorous animals like cats need meat in their diet to survive.
Many were amazed by the potent display of military power in the Gulf War.
The principal's arrogant manner immediately annoyed the parents.
He went to the doctor because he was suffering acute pains in his stomach.
That film critic is famous for her astute but acerbic commentary.
The air force was ordered to launch a preemptive strike on the site.
The scientist's warnings about the environmental dangers proved prescient.
The employees complained about the preferential treatment given to other colleagues.
His claims concerning the economy turned out to be prophetic.
She had adopted the provident policy of saving for her old age.
Hercules is legendary for his prodigious strength and his twelve labors.
The philanthropist made profuse donations to the needy.
It seemed unlikely that a priest would be interested in such a profane matter.
Hollywood starlets are known to have a promiscuous nature.
Eventually, they agreed to employ the girl on a probationary basis.
After a prolonged pause, the lecturer began to speak again.
His decisions are often based on a somewhat provincial world view.
The United Nations allocated provisional food supplies to the refugees.
The movie was about a boy discovering an extraterrestrial life form.
Are you exempt from paying local taxes this year?
The food is delicious but the price is exorbitant.
Her extravagant spending has left her family virtually bankrupt.
The letters of Abelard and Heloise were fervent proclamations of love.
His denial of all responsibility was vehement and sincere.
Aimlessly frantic activity never leads to greater work efficiency.
The environmentalists were fanatically devoted to their cause.
The researchers were asked to come up with a coherent energy policy.
The high court ruled that the new law was constitutional.
The test was designed to measure a child's cognitive development.
Many people pointed out how contradictory his arguments were.
The controversial new play was banned after three performances.
As a conciliatory gesture, he offered to take his wife to dinner.
He had no choice but to respond to the defamatory articles.
The younger scientist took a deferential attitude to the professor.
The cartoonist usually depicts politicians in a derisive, cynical manner.
Despondent and sullen, she finally realized she needed psychiatric help.
The judge said that no crime was more despicable than robbing old people.
Out of the corner of my eye, I could see his diabolic grin.
He found the student's questions disconcerting and hard to answer.
The professor's dismissive attitudes towards his students left him isolated.
Japanese demonstrate widely disparate levels of English proficiency.
I was shocked when my boss said that the temporary workers were dispensable.
Apart from a few dissenting voices, most people agreed with him.
I didn't understand how distraught she was until I saw her.
Jockeys must be of diminutive size for their horses to compete.
The symptoms had been impalpable at first, but later they were clearer.
The chief nurse spoke in an imperious way to her subordinates.
An impermeable layer of rubber kept the contents of the bag dry.
The local people were implacable in their opposition to the plan.
The castle's walls were impregnable against their primitive weapons.
He spoke in an impersonal way as if the problem did not concern him.
The teacher disliked the impudent way in which the boy answered him.
He had been a stalwart supporter of the labor union for many years.
He was a staunch believer in the efficacy of herbal medicines.
She was a stolid, hardworking girl, who showed little emotion.
The suave young man turned out to be an insurance salesman.
His remarks at the wedding struck many people as incongruous.
A few inconsequential changes were made to the contract for legal reasons.
He was completely indiscriminate about who he invited to his parties.
The speech was seen as an insidious attack on the new policy.
Most critics found his novel insipid and lifeless.
In fact, he was fired for an insolent attitude toward the boss.
After his rather insubstantial lunch, he soon began to feel hungry again.
They had faced seemingly insurmountable problems at first.
The intrepid exploits of Superman exemplify a classic American hero.
Although the tragedy occurred in childhood, its effects were indelible.
Just this week, another Japanese bank declared itself insolvent.
The critic said the action showed a wanton disregard for human rights.
The atrocity was condemned as abhorrent to all civilized people.
The gang was accused of performing abominable acts for money.
The prosecutor called it a heinous crime and demanded the maximum sentence.
He agreed to make incremental payments on the loan.
The novelist said that he was indebted to his wife for the idea for his latest book.
Insurgent rebels launched another successful raid on government forces.
The man attempted to calm the inflamed feelings of the crowd.
He was still indignant at the rude way the bureaucrat had spoken to him.
He was still an incipient novelist at the time and had not yet become famous.
The new chairman adopted an unabashedly ruthless policy of job cuts.
It took the historian many years to admit that his theory was untenable.
The white cliffs of Dover are precipitous rock formations above the sea.
Anthropologists still argue over early man's predatory nature.
It was presumptuous of him to make so many demands of a stranger.
Critics slammed the experimental new film as being pretentious and obscure.
His cagey response immediately made the police suspicious of him.
She sent me a cryptic message that I had trouble understanding.
His furtive glances at his colleagues led me to suspect a conspiracy.
They successfully transformed their adversarial relationships into cooperative ones.
He found it difficult to deal with a class of mutinous teenagers.
I am not averse to further discussion, though I might not change my views.
As he spoke, the crowd began to grow increasingly truculent.
The philosopher's abrasive manner made him unpopular with students.
Although he was known as irascible, his true nature was soft-hearted.
After the war, a number of important agrarian reforms were carried out.
Forensic investigations have become increasingly sophisticated.
The authorities consulted an ornithological expert about the eggs they had found.
There were statutory penalties for breaking the regulations.
The hypothesis was later verified empirically by experiments.
I just came across an impressively erudite study of pragmatism.
His book is interesting but full of difficult esoteric references.
He knew the journey across the winter mountains would be a perilous one.
Certain kinds of pernicious viruses thrive even in sanitary conditions.
He had bought the book because of its intriguing cover.
The dog seemed to have an intuitive sense that they were going away.
He was famous for his incisive reviews with their sharp observations.
The moment he entered the house, he noticed a pungent smell of curry.
Some say that bribery and distortion are rampant in post-communist Russia.
The Roman emperor Caligula's rapacious appetites helped destroy Rome.
Many people were shocked at the haggard faces of the survivors.
She told her harrowing story to the press after her narrow escape.
Critics condemned the book as glib and insubstantial.
I quickly tire of James Fenimore Cooper's verbose style.
Many traditional cultures claim that girls are more loquacious than boys.
When the teacher announced a test, there were vociferous protests from the class.
That child has always been taciturn but very perceptive of others.
I could hear muffled voices next door, but couldn't make out any words.
When the children became too boisterous, he took them outside so that they could run about.
The actor spoke rhetorically of the talents of his deceased colleague.
The townspeople became euphoric when the local team won.
His solution to the problem is the most expedient option.
It took most of the night to reach a felicitous solution to our dilemma.
The boy seemed so languid we wondered if he was healthy.
The little girl stood with a sullen expression on her face.
He felt jaded with a life of endless parties and expensive holidays.
His superior was a morose, pessimistic person with a bad temper.
Joe's fastidious attention to detail is often a waste of time.
She had a malignant effect on the morale of the entire group.
India has many venomous species of snakes, such as cobras.
A virulent disease began to rage through the refugee camp.
Penitent pilgrims flock to that famous shrine every year.
The founders of most major religions tended to lead ascetic lifestyles.
Juvenile delinquency is a social problem that seems to be getting worse.
He found a job as an adjunct professor but he wanted to become a permanent staff member.
Fables are often analogous to moral dilemmas in real life.
Despite their careful planning, the concert went askew from the beginning.
The whole street was ablaze with bright Christmas decorations.
He watched her leave, his mouth agape with astonishment.
The scientist said that he remained agnostic about the new theory.
The hospital's ambient colors were designed to soothe the patients.
After her illness, she seemed to be recovering but was still anemic.
The company wanted a designer attuned to the tastes of young people.
The burnished metal statue shone brightly in the sunlight.
His bungling attempts to fix the car had only made the problem worse.
When they spoke, their voices echoed across the cavernous hall.
Few believed his story because he was known to be an inveterate liar.
The cumulative effect of the rainfall had been to weaken the soil.
Many people were horrified by the use of such fiendish weapons.
He was beginning to feel lost when fortuitously he spotted a friend.
His opponent grudgingly conceded defeat in the chess match.
His resignation was an ignominious end to a once promising career.
The court declared that its ruling was irrevocable.
The newspaper was known for its illiberal views on immigration.
So-called subversive elements in society are still being purged.
He wore an iridescent suit made of some synthetic fabric.
As the two schools had kindred problems, they decided to cooperate.
The newspaper's report was criticized as superficial and misleading.
She had the chance to shape the children's malleable minds.
The committee examined the research proposal microscopically before approving it.
The businessman was said to have a murky past in the construction business.
He was a nimble debater and it was hard to catch him in a contradiction.
He found dealing with students' parents an especially onerous duty.
After months of severe dieting, her face looks drawn and pallid.
The little boy seemed to have a phenomenal knowledge of the city.
The judge said that such a reprehensible crime deserved a severe punishment.
The revolutionary group was beset by a series of sectarian conflicts.
He was found to be in possession of a number of seditious pamphlets.
On their wedding anniversary, he took his wife to an upscale restaurant.
The area was void of houses for as far as he could see.
The liquid in the tank is so volatile that it is necessary to seal it carefully.
He found a bent official and bribed him to give him a passport.
The man lost his temper and went berserk, attacking anyone in sight.
His approach to people is more cerebral than sympathetic.
My participation was contingent on your meeting specified conditions.
After a long trial, the jury determined that the defendant was culpable.
It was hard to believe that the demure young woman before them was on trial for murder.
His droll sense of humor made him popular with everyone.
The winters in the northern American states are extremely frigid.
I was concerned at his gaunt appearance after hearing of his long illness.
They spent a gluttonous week in Paris sampling local restaurants.
He said it was a moot point whether he would actually attend the conference.
We were astonished by the munificent gifts he had given us.
The driver narrowly avoided running into the deer on the road.
The previous chairman was a notoriously arrogant person.
His comments on the painting were taken as an oblique criticism of its owner.
An obtrusive poster warned students not to smoke on campus.
The task was odious but necessary.
Recent economic signs in Southeast Asia have been becoming more and more ominous.
She was surprised when she saw his opulent home with its expensive furnishings.
After the rugby match, both teams felt thirsty and famished.
For the rest of his life, he suffered from recurrent bouts of malaria.
The American state of Indiana is replete with a variety of wild flowers.
His family realized that he was becoming senile when he forgot his own address.
I read his novel but thought it was sheer nonsense.
He brushed the cat's fur until it looked sleek and tidy.
When the man promoted his own son, there were many snide comments.
The little boy answered the teacher's questions sturdily.
We sat down to a sumptuous dinner with our guests.
A taut rope above the river allowed us to cross without getting wet.
The student's essay indicated that he had only a tenuous understanding of the topic.
Proverbs are typically terse but wise expressions of traditional values.
The box was made of a translucent green plastic material.
He moved into an upstage position in order to deliver his speech.
The politician was known as a vigilant defender of human rights.
Although he supported the proposal in public, he was known to be critical of it privately.
I couldn't believe how obtuse such an educated man could be.
One critic said that the film was a flawless work of art, perfect in every way.
No matter how difficult things got, he kept his integrity intact.
Marilyn Monroe became an icon of voluptuous American beauty.
Identical twins are siblings that originate from a single fertilized egg.
The boy was warned that if he did not abide by the school rules, he would be expelled.
At the banquet table, two drunken businessmen were acting up.
Bill's skill at the piano and Joanna's beautiful voice added up to a winning combination.
I must ask you to adhere to the terms of our agreement and not reveal any information to outsiders.
The released prisoner said he had atoned for his crimes.
The writer attributed his success to luck and good teachers.
The central bank was criticized for bailing out companies that had made risky loans.
The president always banks on the hard working nature of his employees.
Suddenly, a man barged into the room and began shouting.
His teacher bawled him out for missing the math test.
Sorry I couldn't call you last week; I was bogged down in work.
I quit being a builder because I wasn't cut out for the physical labor.
Because the students were all geared up for the test, they were quite upset when it was suddenly postponed for a week.
He was so keyed up about the forthcoming race that he could not settle down and relax at all.
The minister promised that he would bear down on waste and inefficiency.
The recently discovered manuscript bears out the theory that Shakespeare spent part of his youth in France.
The soldiers at the front bore the brunt of the attack.
The drug dealer was beaten up by members of a rival gang.
Jim often beefs about his salary.
The company headhunted a number of specialists in order to beef up its IT department.
At the end of the ceremony, the students belted out the school song.
The government attempted to black out any reference to the dissident.
Music blared out from the teenager's room day and night.
The woman did her best to blot out all memory of the incident.
I'm waiting for Europe's debt crisis to blow over before I invest.
The dispute between the two countries boiled down to the question of which was the rightful owner of the island.
The police botched up the inquiry and the criminal was never brought to justice.
The retiring chairman said he intended to bow out gracefully.
Her parents boxed up her belongings and sent them to her.
As it grew, the company began to branch out into new areas of business.
The company said it wanted to break away from its conservative image.
The boy breezed into the classroom twenty minutes late.
Her husband was brimming over with resentment at her.
The students browsed through newspapers and magazines to find topics for their speeches.
At the wedding, the bride bubbled over with happiness.
After he entered university, it took him a while to buckle down to his studies, but as soon as he did he began to get excellent grades.
She bundled up the baby in a blanket before taking him out.
The boy buried himself in preparing for his final examinations.
As she explained the situation, her husband kept butting in and correcting her remarks.
I hate being buttered up by students who think that compliments will win them a good grade.
The crooked businessman tried to buy off the local police but he was arrested for bribery instead.
Eventually, the police carted the men off to the station for questioning.
The victorious nations carved up the territory into colonies.
In an attempt to cash in on the fashion for things Chinese, the TV channel decided to dramatize a classic Chinese novel.
The speaker asked them to cast their minds back to their childhood.
After a few days of fighting, the rebels caved in to the government forces.
Matsui chalked up two more home runs.
On their journey, the two drivers changed over every few hours.
Her boss asked her to chase up any documents concerning the case.
Although he was angry, he choked back his complaints and remained silent.
When the teacher questioned the boy, he clammed up immediately.
Japan Automobiles is trying to claw back market share.
After the riot, the police came in for a lot of criticism for their handling of the incident.
You are late again. Don't even think of cooking up an excuse this time.
He accused her of copping out of her duty as a mother.
The police cordoned off the murder scene to prevent members of the public from entering.
The principal warned that he was going to crack down on students copying their homework from each other.
He cracked up under the pressure of his job and had to spend six months on leave to recover.
The thriller writer cranked out a novel a year for ten years.
A suspicion that he was being cheated crept into his mind.
The launch of the new car was delayed after a number of small problems cropped up at the last moment.
The children crouched down to watch the ants running about.
She dabbled in the stock market and lost some money.
In the end, he dashed off the essay the night before it was due.
The foreman dealt out the weekly wages to the gang of laborers.
Mr. Smith will delegate his authority to Mr. Garcia.
During the summer months, hordes of tourists descended on the little seaside resort.
The school decided to dispense with the services of the caretaker.
She told her husband not to distract their son from his homework.
Both sets of grandparents doted on the new baby.
The security men dragged off the intruder for questioning.
The lecture dragged on and the audience gradually became more and more restless.
The man's job was to try and draw in new clients to the company.
I was just drifting off to sleep when I was startled by a noise outside my window.
He went from door to door trying to drum up support for his campaign against the new supermarket.
In his speech, the school principal dwelt on the need for students to prepare properly for classes.
After a few hours, the typhoon began to ease off.
The previous chairperson had been eased out after the bank was taken over by a rival.
His friends egged him on to steal the money from her purse.
For a few years he eked out a living doing odd jobs.
The rival teams faced off in the championship finals.
After factoring in all the expenses, they decided the plan would not make a profit.
The movie began by fading in a scene of the couple on a beach.
Jim assured her that she could always fall back on him.
The advertising campaign fell flat when its star was arrested.
They were good friends but they fell out with each other in an argument over a girl.
As long as the deal doesn't fall through at the last moment, the contract will be signed next Friday.
Volunteers fanned out over the countryside in their search for the missing girl.
When he was busy, the translator farmed out work to his students.
After her husband passed away, the widow had to fend for herself.
The film star tried to fend off questions about his marriage by talking about his new movie.
They ferreted out a solution to sexism.
The two nations have been feuding about which of them owns the islands for decades.
Susie filled us in on the details of the meeting.
They decided to firm up the arrangement by drawing up a contract.
The protest eventually fizzled out after it began to rain heavily.
Sometimes her boss flared up at her for no clear reason.
As he entered the campus, he flashed back to his own student days.
His boss told him to flesh out his idea a bit and then bring it back for further consideration.
When he found out he was going to be fired, he flipped out completely.
The idea had been floating around for some time before it was discussed.
Invitations for the singer to appear on stage flooded in from TV companies.
Ms. Swain flew off the handle when Cal didn't behave.
Unfortunately, he failed to follow through on his original offer.
When the couple fell behind with their payments, their bank foreclosed on the loan and seized their property.
He resented forking out money for his son's graduate studies.
When he got up to speak, he suddenly froze up and stood there silently.
Diana got a part time job with the aim of saving money, but she frittered away most of her earnings on cosmetics and magazines.
The new company rapidly began to gain on its rivals in the field.
The girl complained that her classmates were always ganging up on her.
How can I get my point across to them?
The bullet glanced off a rock and wounded him in the arm.
You can't just gloss over his poor performance.
He groped for the appropriate words to use to tell her what he felt.
Many people hailed the prime minister as the savior of the country.
It took the diplomats months to hammer out the precise wording of the new treaty.
The local youngsters would hang out in the café on weekends.
She hated the way her husband harped on money all the time.
Peggy was not ready to have it out with Jim.
The company president said that he was confident they would be able to head off the threat from their new rivals.
After hemming in the enemy, the army attacked them at dawn.
The government decided to raise revenue by hiking up the tax on cigarettes.
The team's chance of victory hinged on the performance of its star players.
Susie hit it off well with her mother-in-law.
When she told her father about the accident, he hit the roof.
Charlie held down a good job at a high salary.
The workers decided to hold out for a better offer from management.
Because of the bad weather, the sports meet was held over for a week.
The escaped convicts holed up in a remote farmhouse.
The teacher came in to find the students horsing around.
During the break, the team huddled with their coach to discuss tactics.
Most residents hunkered down in their homes until the storm passed.
Mary felt she could identify with the heroine of the novel as their experiences were so remarkably similar.
I'm sorry to impose on you at home, but I really need to discuss tomorrow's meeting with you privately.
The group asked the politician to intercede with the government.
The noise from the traffic outside interfered with his concentration, making it difficult for him to study.
The computer engineer spent the weekend ironing out various bugs in the new program.
Supermarkets took advantage of the paper shortage to jack up the prices of all paper products.
His wife kept after him until he finally agreed to fix the broken window.
The customer kicked up a fuss about his cutlery, saying that it had not been properly washed.
She told her daughter to knuckle down and write her science report.
Finally, their lazy son knuckled under and got a job.
For most of the race, he was lagging behind the other competitors, but then in the last ten minutes, he made a supreme effort and came in first.
The president lashed out at critics, saying they were in the pay of a foreign government.
Please don't ask him about work or he'll launch into a detailed description of all the problems the business is facing.
He laid it on thick when he told his excuse to his boss for being late.
While she waited, she leafed through the magazines on the table.
The mayor was said to have leaned on the editor to shelve the story.
Everybody felt let down when their team failed to win the final.
Finally, the rise in the value of the dollar began to level off.
I'll level with you. If your play doesn't improve, I'll take you off the team.
He never lived down his failure to secure the deal and eventually he left the company for another one.
He took out a knife and lopped off a bunch of bananas from the tree.
During the bomb scare at the museum, a thief made off with a valuable painting.
The store decided to mark down their prices by 50 percent.
He marked out on a map the area they would patrol.
Most shops make a profit by marking up the prices of goods they buy from wholesalers.
The chemist measured out a small amount of the new drug.
Jane was pleased that she had been promoted, but she was worried that she would not measure up to her new duties.
Fans were milling about the festival site from the morning.
She asked for a few weeks to mull over the offer and to discuss it with her family.
A neighboring gang tried to muscle in on their territory.
He finally managed to nail down a meeting.
The detective narrowed down the suspects to two men.
He nibbled at some cheese while he worked at his desk.
It had been such a long day that he kept nodding off during the play.
He hated it when his boss started nosing around his desk.
He just managed to nose out his rivals and win the marathon.
The students had the choice of taking an exam or writing an essay. Most opted for the latter.
After the teenager owned up to smoking in the backyard, his father gave him a lecture on the danger to his health.
In the end, they decided to pack off their children to a summer camp.
He accused the salesman of trying to palm a faulty computer off on him.
When their plan did not pan out, they were forced to think again.
Although they papered over the quarrel, they were never as friendly again.
The leader parceled out the remaining rations to his hungry men.
The jewelry had been passed down in his mother's family for generations.
The artist was caught trying to pass off one of his own works as a painting by Picasso.
Don't pass up the pie; it's so good.
The nations patched up a temporary peace for Christmas.
He took a big risk buying the shares in the company, but it paid off and he was able to use the profit to start his own business.
He always tried to pep up his classes with videos and games.
After they had eaten, the children began to perk up again.
After a while, the letters from their son petered out and they never heard from him again.
The auto company gradually phased out production of the old model although it was still selling well.
When he had pieced together the evidence, he realized what had happened.
The work kept piling up and he was forced to do overtime almost every day.
He found it impossible to pin down the cause of the problem.
She had been pining for a chance to play on the school team.
She shouted to the children to pipe down and go to sleep.
Paul thought that it would take ages to clean up after the party, but his friends all pitched in and the work was finished in no time.
The school did its best to play down the incident.
As there was no score, the teams had to play off the following week.
I'm going to pluck up my courage and ask my boss to give me a raise.
He said he was still plugging away at writing novels in his spare time.
The young man ran down the beach and plunged into the sea.
The professor loves poking around in second-hand bookshops, looking for works by his favorite authors.
He knew that his mother pored over his letters, reading them again and again until she had nearly memorized them.
Make up your mind to pull off something great.
The patient had a life-threatening disease, but thanks to the new drug, he was able to pull through and recover.
The couple put down all their savings on the house and borrowed the rest of the money they needed from a bank.
Some cynics put down the actress's success to her father's extensive connections in the movie business.
He sat puzzling over the math problem for at least an hour.
After racking up his first million dollars, he decided to retire.
The union leader railed against the government's economic policies.
He was accused of illegally raking off money from the pension fund.
When one of the villagers fell ill, the others would rally around to help.
Although her son got poor grades at school, he could rattle off the names of all the players in the football league.
He caught his colleague rifling through the drawers of his desk.
A powerful tornado ripped through the area, destroying homes.
One of the presidential candidates, Bill Jones, was from the town so naturally, everyone there was rooting for him in the election.
On Sunday, he found himself roped in to help with the spring cleaning.
The teacher made him sit next to the most serious boy in the class in the hope that some of his attitude would rub off on him.
The idea came to him suddenly one evening when he was sitting ruminating over what he should do after college.
The stranger ran off with all the shop's earnings for the month.
Before the man went back to his country, he ran up large debts at various banks.
The late guests asked the landlady to rustle up some supper for them.
While he was at college, he managed to scrape by on the allowance that his parents gave him.
Her parents managed to scrape together the money for her to go to college.
After they married, they scratched out a living on his meager wages.
The doctor and nurses began to scrub up in preparation for the operation.
Several demonstrators scuffled with the police and were arrested.
He set forth his plans for reform to the board of directors.
After much discussion, they finally settled on a day for the wedding.
How much did you shell out for your uniform?
The school bully was always shoving around the smaller boys.
He stood at the front door and showed the guests out one by one.
Whatever failures he suffered, he always shrugged them off and began again.
Those present at the party shied away from Susie.
He lost his temper and resigned on the spot, but later, after he had simmered down, he began to regret what he had done.
When will it sink in to you that the only way to pass exams is by studying for them?
The official was arrested for siphoning off money intended for the relief of the earthquake victims.
It was discovered that the bank manager had been skimming off money from his customers' accounts for years.
Their time together on weekends always slipped by quickly.
She did her best to smooth down her parents' irritation.
He tried to smooth over the mistake but it was quickly noticed.
The boys snapped off the long icicles and used them as swords.
Demand for housing was so strong that any new properties that came on the market were snapped up immediately.
For a few days, he just soaked up the local atmosphere in the town.
Her first job was to sort out all the papers left by her predecessor.
Sound him out on whether he's interested in coming.
At dinner his father began sounding off again about politics and what he would do if he were president.
The popular police drama has already spun off two other series based on characters from the show.
The opposition had been spoiling for a fight with the government for months and the scandal was the perfect opportunity.
The student said he hated people who just sponged off their parents.
In no time at all, new factories began to spring up in the town.
He did not enjoy studying law, but he was spurred on by the thought of the money he could make once he qualified as a lawyer.
After squaring up with the cashier, the couple left the restaurant.
The dentist promised to squeeze her in in-between appointments.
The principal swore to stamp out any smoking in his school.
The old man fell ill so his son had to stand in for him at the ceremony.
Her height and bright red hair meant that she always stood out in a crowd.
At the memorial service, his friend said that John Robinson had always stood up for his beliefs, even when it had made him unpopular.
George told me to stick around so we could play catch.
James stuck up for his friend and defended him against their classmates.
The union leader was accused of trying to stir up discontent among the workers.
The villagers began to store up vegetables to last them through the winter.
After he was caught cheating, his name was struck off the club's membership.
The two new employees struck up a friendship that was to last the rest of their lives.
Late one night, the scientist stumbled upon a solution to the problem.
His superior told him to stop sucking up to him all the time.
I have to sweat it out until I get my test result back.
He found that the hotel had tacked on some extra charges.
She had been completely taken in by her friend's lie, so she was shocked to discover it was not true.
Mother takes it out on me when she feels frustrated.
At first, the new product looked as though it might not take off, but then in March, sales began to soar.
The leaves are taking on their brilliant hues.
Although they had not met before, the child immediately took to him.
At the meeting, he managed to talk down those opposing the plan.
The clothing store decided to launch a new youth brand in order to tap into the expanding teenage market.
At first, sales grew steadily, but then they began to taper off as the economy weakened.
She was strongly opposed to the plan to tear down the old city hall and build a new one.
The company decided to thin out the sales staff at their stores.
We must hold a meeting to thrash out our marketing policy for next year.
Every so often, the chairman threw in a comment of his own.
He borrowed some money from the bank to tide him over until the new year.
They planned to tie the ceremony in with the opening of the new library.
One of the terrorists tipped off the local police about the bomb.
The scientist's achievements towered over those of his contemporaries.
Actually, I'm toying with the idea of leaving my job, although I haven't completely made my mind up yet.
The boy began his recitation well but then he trailed off into silence.
All the executives were asked to trim down their expenses in the coming year.
He tripped over as he ran for the bus and broke his wrist.
He said the police had trumped up the charges in order to punish him.
After he got married, he turned over a new leaf and stopped drinking altogether.
Is there anyone who can vouch for the truth of what you say?
One day she just got up and walked out on her husband.
Persistent rain washed out the second day of the tennis tournament.
The background check was designed to weed out troublemakers from the organization.
In the middle of the argument, her brother weighed in to support her.
The politician was accused of whipping up anger against the immigrant community.
As soon as he showed them the painting, he whisked it away for safekeeping.
The boy did his best to win over her father but to no avail.
After getting home, he usually wound down by having a drink and reading the newspaper.
The evening wound up costing him over a hundred dollars as he had to take a taxi home.
Thanks to the vaccine, the disease has now been almost completely wiped out in Africa.
She told her son not to wolf down his food so quickly.
Let's wrap up the homework and hit the sack.
He had always managed to wriggle out of criminal charges before.
She wrung the water out of her wet towel and hung it up to dry.
Scientists zeroed in on the cause of the epidemic.
