index of p1qe
The police issued a statement on the bank robbery.
He picked up a train map and indicated the best route.
The soldiers stormed into the village just after sunrise.
The class talked about different ways to preserve nature and save our planet.
The first problem to be addressed is that of inner city pollution.
This kitchen towel is very strong and can absorb a lot of liquid.
Gasoline prices have been raised in order to offset the higher cost of oil.
The soldiers are thought to have been captured.
I detected a slight difference between the two samples.
He implied that I don't work as hard as he does.
The couple invested their life savings in their son's company.
We had to adapt to the new financial situation.
Governments around the world are trying to combat Internet crime.
The instructor demonstrated the karate move slowly to the students.
The number of tourists visiting the area has declined in recent years.
In that factory, they use special machines to grind the corn.
I don't think this project poses any special problems.
The government archived most of the documents relating to the incident.
The newspapers branded the TV personality as a liar and a cheat.
We hope to boost sales of our shampoo with the new TV commercial.
The new scheme should generate more than 6,000 new jobs a year.
The city's major contractors all bid for the contract.
Advertisements tend to emphasize products' best features.
If you keep giving her candy and toys, you are going to spoil her.
I tried to explain the drawbacks but he countered that it was a good plan.
I spotted my sister in the back row of the movie theater.
The police are still trying to identify the body found on the mountain.
This party will oppose any attempts by the government to raise taxes.
The water balloon suddenly burst as the children were tossing it back and forth.
We have to do something to stimulate the economy.
Please don't hesitate to contact me at once if any problems arise.
The family migrated to California in the 1930s.
These plans are scheduled to be implemented next year.
These scissors are guaranteed against breakage for two years.
The film division will merge with the animation division next month.
The two sides are engaged in negotiations at the moment.
I waited for a chance to overtake the car in front of me.
This swimsuit retains its shape even after several washes.
We hope to restore the house to its original state.
Mr. Jones beamed at his coworkers when they gave him the retirement gift.
After the party the room was littered with paper cups.
You are not allowed to dump your garbage in this area.
People flocked to the opening of the new department store.
I've highlighted all the spelling and punctuation mistakes in yellow.
Smoking is prohibited everywhere on the university campus.
We plan to reproduce several hundred copies of the painting.
It is about time that we update our safety regulations.
Scientists classify tomatoes as fruits, but most people think of them as vegetables.
He donated over 1 million dollars to charity last year.
The doctors monitored the patient's condition carefully after the operation.
Could you give me a little time to analyze the data?
The authorities seized all of the corrupt politician's assets.
That player has dominated international tennis competitions for the past three years.
He has been disciplined three times for arriving late at work.
He complicated matters by not telling the police the truth immediately.
The new office security system has eliminated the need for ID cards.
These plum trees yielded a lot of fruit last year.
The people in the country resisted the changes to the tax law.
All the noise distracted them from doing their homework.
The car was damaged in the accident and had to be scrapped.
The number of book orders exceeded all our expectations.
I always associate the smell of mosquito coils with summer.
He scanned the classified ads looking for a new job.
The referee flipped a coin to see which team would kick-off.
Recently, a wave of pessimism seems to be sweeping the country.
This type of big car consumes a lot of gasoline.
You are in no position to dictate how I live my life.
The nurses union is negotiating for better working conditions.
He illustrated his point by telling us a story about his childhood.
The company plans to expand its market to include the Far East.
If you encounter any difficulties, please contact me.
I can envision a world with no hunger or war.
The typhoon has altered its path and is now heading west.
The lawyer tried to discredit the witness' account of the incident.
My father always retreats to his study when he wants to be alone.
He acknowledged that he didn't know how to solve the problem.
The fighting was confined to one area of the city.
The government has a lot of serious problems to contend with at the moment.
The spaceship transmitted its signal back to earth.
The charity's funds are administered by a commercial bank.
We bargained for a long time over the price of the handmade rug.
There are plans to centralize the company's operations at the Milan office.
I asked Mary to coordinate the fund raising campaign.
The police say this new law will be very difficult to enforce.
Please ensure that you lock the door when you leave the house.
We decided to formalize the agreement by signing a contract.
The government plans to legalize the sale of handguns in the country.
He asked his boss to lessen his work load.
He pleaded with his girlfriend not to break up with him.
The charity renewed their appeal for donations.
The teachers discussed how to tackle the problem of bullying.
The company was forced to terminate the contracts of several employees.
We are looking for an appropriate site for our new factory.
The scientist discovered a new species of beetle in the jungle.
The pawnbroker offered him 20 dollars for his grandfather's watch.
It took two weeks to clear the debris from the crash site.
A large number of immigrants came to Britain in the 1950s.
There are many kinds of therapy available to treat cancer these days.
This shrine is part of Japan's national heritage.
Toward the end of the game, the atmosphere in the stadium was very tense.
The price of properties in that area is continuing to rise.
The doctor X-rayed my skull after I hit my head.
The children's room was in a state of complete disorder.
The new sports facility will be open to the public by the middle of next week.
Access to the main temple building was blocked.
There are hundreds of different breeds of dogs all over the world.
The first satellite was launched by the Soviet Union in 1957.
Cigarette packets carry a warning about the threat smoking poses to health.
The medical students looked at blood cells with a microscope.
The government is planning to introduce measures to combat unemployment.
There was a collision between a truck and a minibus on the highway.
He played a good match, but his opponent was stronger.
The scientist has written many books about psychology, especially child psychology.
She works for a global corporation with offices in many countries.
Carbon dioxide is produced when animals breathe out.
Where will they get the funds to pay for the new school?
Only residents of the ward can use its public facilities for free.
The soldiers were the subject of an experiment on stress.
His decision to leave school could have serious consequences for his future.
The new regulations restrict how often customers can withdraw money per day.
It takes the earth 365 days to complete one orbit around the sun.
That school holds special classes to help returnees improve their language skills.
They are working on the design of a new kind of spacecraft.
They were involved in a very heated argument.
Archaeologists believe the site to be more than 4,000 years old.
My new apartment has a large amount of storage space.
I handed in my passport application last Tuesday.
He does a 30-minute workout three times a week.
He had to overcome a lot of obstacles before becoming president.
Many ecosystems around the world are being affected by global warming.
The office manager arranged transportation for the client.
His trial is due to start at the end of next week.
We have a budget of one million dollars for this movie.
There was a serious conflict between members of the political parties.
University education is a major expense for most families.
The CEOs of the two companies signed the contract this morning.
Regardless of gender, all employees have the right to apply for the top managerial position.
The college also offers classes for adult literacy in the evenings.
Many farmers in this country receive subsidies from the government.
The descent to the valley below was more difficult than we thought.
Mozart was a child prodigy who became world famous.
This fashion retailer sells a lot of goods online these days.
Opening another person's mail is an invasion of privacy.
I was shocked by her sudden outburst of anger.
The company's reputation was damaged after its president was arrested.
Many fossils of large animals can be found in areas with cold, dry climates.
A herd of sheep crossed the road in front of us.
She suffered from depression for several months after she lost her job.
Both my brothers work for my uncle's firm.
The bamboo forests of China are the giant panda's natural habitat.
He suffers from hypertension and has to take medicine every day.
The restaurant's fame was based on its great service and affordable prices.
Investors are expecting a boom after such a long period of recession.
Statistics show that many people are concerned about global warming these days.
He has achieved a high status in his company and receives an excellent salary.
The structure was very weak and had to be rebuilt.
This company produces chemicals for use in the plastic industry.
There is an obvious contrast between Eastern and Western cultures.
Please read the instructions carefully before operating the machine.
Hopefully, the cost of car insurance will go down again next year.
They are the coauthors of several books about business.
The developer has decided to build a large office building in this area.
I am interested in psychiatry and want to help people who are mentally ill.
It was very helpful for her to talk with other allergy sufferers.
The forest fire took a heavy toll on the people living in the area.
He took me to his workplace and introduced me to his coworkers.
Several species of whale are in danger of extinction.
Car exhaust emissions pollute the environment in several different ways.
Creativity is highly important in developing new and better products.
Of course I believe in equality between men and women.
This bank is one of the oldest and most famous institutions in the city.
This newspaper has the highest circulation of all the English newspapers in Japan.
He gave me several tips on how to write a good résumé.
We are planning a new scheme to help the victims of crimes.
His promotion to head of department surprised everyone in the office.
The accountant got into trouble for avoidance of taxes.
The children enjoyed playing outdoors during the morning recess.
The company's CEO decided to retire after his 60th birthday.
There are many cotton and tobacco plantations in the southern American states.
The roses she gave me had beautiful, long, leafy stems.
The circumstances of the crime were not clear to the police.
The two sides met in order to sign a new peace treaty.
Our highly educated personnel are our company's main asset.
Most people these days own a lot of electrical appliances.
The doctor asked me to describe my symptoms in detail.
Her company gives her a generous housing allowance.
I have lunch three or four times a week with my colleagues.
We went out to a restaurant to celebrate the completion of the project.
A controversy has arisen over the site of the new airport.
The students learned about deforestation and why it is bad for our planet.
This is the worst drought our country has ever experienced.
I always felt like an outsider when I was in high school.
He is a qualified practitioner of both eastern and western medicine.
The Amazon rainforest is home to 1,500 different kinds of birds.
After a reduction in the market price, sales increased dramatically.
We are trying to think of ways in which we can increase productivity.
There are many settlements in the northern part of the country.
Employment rates in the developing nations of Southeast Asia are increasing steadily.
The day-to-day administration of most companies is handled by middle managers, not presidents.
Most large corporations have several executives who manage the different departments.
After the war, one of the basic needs of the country was to rebuild its infrastructure.
The airline will have to pay millions of dollars in compensation to the accident victims.
The women's soccer team has played with great consistency all season.
The bond between a mother and a child is very deep.
People with expertise in graphic design are invited to apply for this job.
He walked straight past us with no sign of recognition whatsoever.
Soil erosion is one of the most serious environmental problems facing us today.
The information desk attendants can give customers assistance in finding what they need.
He thanked her for her positive contribution to the conference.
No one could fail to be impressed by her quiet dignity and strength.
She dreams of being rich and living a life of luxury.
The government has drawn up new guidelines about how to handle emergencies.
Her personal wealth is said to be around 50 million dollars.
He buys and sells commodities like rice, flour and cotton.
The landlord ignored the tenants' complaints about the leaky roof.
She received a lot of criticism for her thoughtless comments.
Drivers were advised to avoid Highway 10 due to heavy congestion.
Crimes involving intellectual property theft have been increasing lately.
The robbers took the bank manager hostage and forced him to open the safe.
The rate of divorce has increased in the last ten years.
There were more than 20 applicants for the driver's position.
The candidate I voted for lost by 50 votes.
One circuit around the park takes approximately an hour.
The government had to pay a lot of money to improve the irrigation system in this area.
Exposure to the sun is a major cause of skin cancer.
There have been several outbreaks of swine flu in this area.
There is a strong likelihood that the next president will be a woman.
The boxer received several blows to the head during the match.
I have a suspicion that she has forgotten about our appointment.
The deadline for submissions for the essay contest is October 12th.
The walls of the bank vault were made of steel.
The counselor's job is mainly to help adolescents with their problems.
I became an anthropologist because I am interested in human customs and beliefs.
He used the diamond ring as bait to get her to marry him.
The city council meets every Tuesday at 6 p.m. in the town hall.
He hung his high school diploma on the wall.
The government imposed limitations on imports of rice into the country.
Farming is the main source of livelihood for people in that country.
The farmer sold all his livestock and went to live in the city.
I found lodging near the conference site.
He rode a beautiful white mare in the horse race.
Many worry about the greed and materialism of modern life.
There seems to be no clear motive for this crime.
We have two options: we can wait here or we can go.
My brother applied for a patent on his invention.
The museum has a large collection of ancient Japanese pottery.
It is likely that the recession will continue for a long time.
The engineers are working on a new system to deal with sewage.
We have been experiencing a spell of warm weather recently.
I think she sent those emails to you out of spite.
They checked their surroundings with a flashlight.
People with this syndrome usually have very dry skin and itchy eyes.
After the accident, we decided to review safety precautions in our factory.
About 2,000 people have already signed the petition.
The company made a small fortune by producing spare parts for other products.
There are plans to sell the hospital to the private sector.
There is a general consensus among teachers that student grades are falling.
The accident serves as a reminder of the importance of wearing a bicycle helmet.
Please accept this gift as a token of my gratitude.
There was no trace of a scar after the doctor took off the bandages.
All the students passed the university entrance exam with ease.
There have been several important innovations in the computer industry recently.
The proportion of young adults who are unemployed increased last year.
We are developing a new sales strategy at the moment.
Young children have an amazing capacity for learning languages.
I plan to pay off all my debts by next September.
This project is a joint venture between two large banks.
Participation in the school festival is required of all students.
There have been many important medical breakthroughs in the last ten years.
The entrance requirement for this course is a high school diploma.
We do our best to handle all inquiries quickly and efficiently.
Many people were worried about the economic crisis in the country.
There has been another sudden eruption of violence in the capital city.
I nearly died of embarrassment when I slipped on the banana peel.
My father took me to Kyoto to visit the grave of my ancestors.
This range of toys is designed for infants.
The architects are still working on the plans for the new sports stadium.
Dr. Brown is a very good physician and is loved by all his patients.
Both companies feel that the merger will add new dimensions to their business.
Maybe we should try looking at this problem from a different perspective.
My son spends hours staring at the stars through his telescope every night.
The criminal investigation lasted more than two years.
Albert Einstein is the most famous figure in the field of physics.
This bridge marks the boundary between Vietnam and China.
I couldn't read the captions under the cartoons because they were so small.
The first class compartments have very wide and comfortable seats.
The existence of life outside our solar system has yet to be proven.
This material is used in the manufacture of cars.
Watch out for the gap between the platform and the train!
A swarm of locusts damaged crops in the New Hampshire area.
There was little interaction between the boys and girls in the class.
I disagree with her prediction that the economy will improve next year.
I detected a note of discord at the meeting.
The kidnappers demanded a ransom of 2 million dollars for the return of the child.
They promised to love each other for all eternity.
I have to pay twelve dollars for utilities every month.
New legislation on the sale of tobacco was introduced last fall.
The witness' testimony helped to convict the man.
We made some refinements to the original plan.
I plan to pay for my new car in installments over two years.
The two sides finalized the transaction over lunch.
I handed my coat and hat to the cloakroom attendant.
A number of celebrities are expected to attend the restaurant opening party tonight.
Two of the mouse offspring were gray and two were white.
Please help yourself to the condiments on the table.
Our company specializes in the conversion of analog data to digital.
The prisoner was kept in detention for 21 days.
This pile of stones is the remnants of an ancient village.
The sequel to the movie wasn't as good as the first one.
The cottage was hidden beneath a veil of mist.
The college received accreditation from the National Association of Ballet Schools.
The protest march was organized by a group of environmental activists.
We have a number of interesting artifacts in this museum.
He is a very good salesman and a real asset to our company.
He was given the difficult assignment of updating the company's computer system.
The astronomer told us a lot of interesting things about the stars.
The children asked the football player for his autograph.
The farmer kept the animals in the barn during the winter.
He works as an agent for the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
The prisoner was finally released after 27 years in captivity.
I went to the doctor for my annual checkup last week.
The Confederation of British Industry is a non-profit organization.
I met my friend in the corridor outside the classroom.
I am very concerned about his dependency on alcohol.
I put down a deposit of 200 dollars on the car.
Diplomats from both countries met to discuss a peace deal.
The patient felt some discomfort during his dental treatment.
We discussed both the benefits and the drawbacks of the plan.
My mother asked me to run a couple of errands for her.
The application form asked for information about race, ethnicity and gender.
Over two-hundred guests were invited to the wedding feast.
The expert on forestry advised the local people on which trees to plant.
I was moved by her generosity and kindness to the orphans.
The groundwater in this well is clean and safe to drink.
He suffered many hardships in his early life before he became successful.
The doctor recommended the immediate hospitalization of the patient.
Hydrogen gas alone has no taste, color or odor.
Since the study program's inception, about 2,000 students have taken part.
The North Pole has a latitude of 90 degrees north.
The coach decided to change the makeup of the team.
The villagers begged the enemy soldiers for mercy.
Tokyo is a large modern metropolis with a population of over 12 million.
They are working on a plan for the modernization of the railway system.
The main objective of this meeting is to decide next year's budget.
The first organisms appeared on our planet more than 3.8 billion years ago.
What is the smallest particle of known matter?
The pilgrims traveled many miles to get to Mecca.
A recent government poll showed that most people don't want higher taxes.
You should take better care of your possessions.
She gave her ration of bread to the hungry child.
This newspaper has a readership of around three million people.
Almost all the respondents to the survey said they liked the new drink.
The report said that last year there was a decrease in tax revenues.
He studied hard and won a scholarship to a very good school.
The actor read the script carefully before deciding to take the role.
He is the most likely successor to the Prime Minister.
The USA is one of the economic superpowers of the world.
This dog has an excellent temperament and is good with children.
The soldiers had to march across rough, mountainous terrain.
The children had a very secure and stable upbringing.
The counselor's job is to take care of the emotional well-being of the children.
Eighty percent of the workforce in this factory are men.
The medicine is undergoing clinical trials.
We made a collective effort to reduce electricity consumption.
Payment of the gas bill is due at the end of the month.
Some doctors recommend genetic testing to people with serious illnesses in their families.
There are many commercial zones in a large city like Tokyo.
The hurricane caused widespread damage along the coast.
We discussed the potential benefits of a merger to both our companies.
It is illegal to drink and drive in many countries, including Japan.
The runaway train eventually came to a complete stop.
She is an experienced climber who has conquered many famous mountains around the world.
You can go to the party provided that you finish your homework first.
There is a lot of good agricultural land in that area.
In order to stay healthy, people need to exercise regularly.
This country has a very advanced healthcare system.
Please ensure that you bring all the relevant documents with you.
This problem is very complex and it will be difficult to solve.
The scientists worked with radioactive materials in the laboratory.
Our overall profits last year were higher than the year before.
This skirt and blouse are made of synthetic fabric.
Ironically, the painting she liked least sold for the most money.
Europe's major cities and capitals are all relatively close to each other.
There are several vitamins that are vital for health.
We complained about the excessive noise coming from the construction site.
I found him to be very helpful and cooperative.
This new solar panel will help us make more efficient use of sunlight.
Small children and the elderly are more vulnerable to flu viruses.
Alternative medicine has become very popular in recent years.
Children need a very stable environment when they are growing up.
The Sahara is a vast desert in northern Africa.
A diet rich in fruit and vegetables is beneficial to health.
Her father was a diplomat, so she had a rather nomadic childhood.
Last year's harsh winter has had a bad effect on crops in this area.
She is a very sensitive and gentle child who loves animals.
This vase is extremely fragile. Please handle it carefully.
She was a remarkable woman who did a lot to help the poor.
His first recommendation was a radical reorganization of the company.
Employees in large companies feel an enormous pressure to succeed.
In this book, you will learn how to master English with minimal effort.
Drinking and smoking too much will ultimately lead to illness.
He is rich enough to afford a domestic helper.
He may not be my biological son, but I love him very much.
She suffers from a rare neurological disorder.
He said I was being overly optimistic about my chances of success.
They decided to settle permanently in the south of Spain.
Sunscreen provides a protective layer against UV rays.
Please email me if you have any questions regarding the charity event.
A meeting will be held tomorrow to discuss the specific details of the merger.
Employees may be hostile to the idea of hiring more part-time workers.
The police said he made a deliberate attempt to hide the facts.
Crimes in the United States that happen across state lines are covered by federal laws.
The Internet has few secure websites, so one shouldn't share personal information online.
The company I work for is about to go bankrupt.
He upset her with his aggressive comments.
The art expert said that the painting was definitely authentic.
This apartment is very small but it is adequate for our needs.
The solution to the problem was obvious to everyone.
Simmer over moderate heat until the vegetables are tender.
The idea of eating insects was completely alien to him.
I am keen to meet my son's new girlfriend.
Prompt action must be taken in order to avoid casualties.
The moon has a strong gravitational pull, affecting the world's oceans.
Random water samples were collected and taken back to the laboratory.
They were forced to cancel the game due to an unexpected rainstorm.
Everything seems to be OK now, but nonetheless we should prepare for the worst.
She was reluctant to lend him any more money.
It was a very decisive victory.
He said that he was confident the economy would recover soon.
I guess it was inevitable that they would get divorced one day.
She boiled the beans until they were soft and tender.
After the initial shock of having won the prize, the contestant thanked the judges.
The medicine left an acid taste in my mouth.
These potato chips contain a lot of artificial additives.
The policeman asked me several awkward questions.
We were barely able to escape from the burning building in time.
Climatic conditions in this area are very severe.
She is an extraordinary woman who worked hard to become CEO.
They came across a pack of fierce dogs in the forest.
He has a very strong immune system and almost never catches a cold.
It is incredible that they both won gold medals in the same Olympics.
She writes a weekly column for a mainstream newspaper.
After the riots the government imposed martial law.
Can you give me a precise estimate of the cost?
The company dumped a lot of toxic waste into the sea.
The soccer team has an impressive record in international competitions.
I don't think your outfit is appropriate for that kind of formal party.
Everyone knows that whales and dolphins are highly intelligent animals.
The company plans to introduce flexible working hours next year.
My father goes for a brisk walk on the beach every morning.
She gave me a lot of invaluable advice about studying abroad.
Computers have become an indispensable part of our lives.
I'm afraid that the fax you sent me was not legible at all.
The land in that area is dry and barren and difficult to farm.
She has suffered from chronic back pain for several years.
These files are confidential so please don't show them to anyone.
If this company wants to remain competitive, it will have to cut costs.
Teenage crime in the area has reached epidemic proportions.
There were literally thousands of fans waiting at the airport to greet the singer.
This English conversation course was designed primarily for beginners.
I was shocked to find out that my diamond necklace was fake.
I am a little dubious about his latest money making scheme.
The professor gave her a stern look when she interrupted his lecture.
I found the comedian's comments about women very offensive.
The government seems to be indifferent to the suffering of the people.
She is a very cautious person who doesn't like to take risks.
We need to take immediate action to help the disaster victims.
The soldiers were alert to the possibility of an attack.
She wore a really peculiar hat to the wedding.
He is a prominent member of a leading political party.
The picture he bought for 10 dollars turned out to be a genuine Picasso.
I'm afraid the bus service in this area is not very reliable.
There was a distinct smell of burning in the room.
Small children are naturally very curious about the world around them.
This charitable organization helps homeless families find a place to live.
There are countless species in danger of dying out.
There are numerous ways to learn how to speak English.
There has been a massive increase in credit card debt recently.
This small parrot is indigenous to the deserts of southwestern Africa.
I try to get some kind of vigorous exercise every day.
The President made a very controversial decision to lower taxes.
This champagne is comparable to other more expensive vintages.
He got a temporary job on a construction site for two months.
This is definitely the best mobile phone I have ever had.
I would never intentionally try to hurt your feelings.
That town is roughly 100 kilometers away from here.
The information in the report was contrary to that in the newspaper.
There was a fatal car crash on Highway 26 yesterday afternoon.
Mary has an irrational fear of germs and washes her hands constantly.
He is very cynical and distrustful of what others tell him.
It looks like it's going to be a really wet, gloomy day.
I don't think you two should be so hasty to get married.
He is really arrogant and always thinks he knows better than the rest of us.
The findings in this report on global warming are highly questionable.
The thin, starving dog was a pathetic sight.
They came up with a brilliant plan for making money.
That discovery has had a profound impact on modern medicine.
They plan to move to a more spacious apartment soon.
Her letters gave us a vivid picture of life in the Indian village.
About one-third of the population of the country is illiterate.
We drove along a road parallel to the rail tracks.
She is very submissive and always does what her husband tells her to.
Most of the machinery in this factory is very old and outdated.
The suspect gave himself up to the police voluntarily.
We are planning an expedition to the arctic in the summer.
John's new girlfriend is really attractive, isn't she?
Her job is to help children with behavioral problems.
He squeezed the bulky suitcase into the trunk of the car.
The police decided that the evidence in the case was not conclusive.
Please take care because this flu virus is very contagious.
He is a very deceitful man and I can't trust anything he says.
She is a very dedicated and professional teacher.
She is a very devoted mother who loves her children very much.
The new president is a very eloquent and persuasive speaker.
He gave me explicit directions on how to get to the party.
I had to return the bicycle because the brakes were faulty.
I am really looking forward to the forthcoming event.
His gross earnings last year were well over 2 million dollars.
The magazine editor leads a very hectic life.
The students couldn't control the irresistible urge to laugh.
He is very knowledgeable about Japanese arts and crafts.
The astronauts gazed with wonder at the lunar landscape.
This painting is a fine example of medieval art.
He is a modest man who doesn't like to brag about his wealth.
He was a brave and noble leader who died for his people.
The letter said that my gas bill was two weeks overdue.
We sent back the car parts because they were substandard.
The colors in this painting are very subtle and delicate.
It is still technically possible for the Japan team to win the World Cup.
We bought the paint and wall paper wholesale.
They are scheduled to resume work on the bridge after the winter break.
The police pursued the stolen car for almost three kilometers.
The buildings in the old part of town have begun to rot and decay.
I need to find a way to inject some excitement into my life.
The water was too hot and my favorite shirt shrank in the wash.
I will cherish the memories of my wedding day forever.
I asked them to clarify the details of the contract.
She decided to overlook the fact that he was late for the interview.
The committee devised a new scheme to increase profits.
The cosmetics company will launch a new range of products this fall.
I urged Tom to reconsider his decision to quit his job.
The hotel ballroom can accommodate up to 500 guests.
New information about the scandal has emerged in the last few days.
John made the students laugh by mimicking the teacher's voice.
The car skidded on some ice and plunged into the lake.
Margarine may be substituted for butter in this pancake recipe.
The sales person worked hard on cultivating a good relationship with his customers.
I browsed the shoe department of the store for a pair of sandals.
The goats were allowed to roam freely on the mountainside.
The aim of this campaign is to discourage young people from drinking.
The spy disguised himself as an elderly man.
The prisoner was too weak to withstand any further punishment.
It is possible that the fighting might escalate into a war.
The scientists collaborated to find a cure for the disease.
It will take time to assess the amount of damage caused by the typhoon.
He boasted about his luxury holiday house and speedboat.
I dragged a spare mattress into the guestroom.
Could you please define this word for me?
The government decided to halt the sale of weapons overseas.
In only one year, the new CEO completely transformed the company.
The surgeons transplanted a patch of skin onto the patient's back.
The company has decided to relocate its head office to another city.
The wrestler dislocated his shoulder during the match.
The police escort preceded the President's car for safety reasons.
He found it difficult to repay the loan on time.
This sportswear company retails its products all over Europe.
After two years in prison, he abandoned all hope of ever being released.
Slavery in the U.S. was abolished in 1865.
Many people revolted in the capital because of poor living conditions.
If you withhold any information, you could go to jail.
The new DNA evidence disproved the police's theory.
The politician's comments enraged the crowd, which started booing him.
The government was overthrown in a military coup.
All our efforts availed us nothing.
The government tried to evaluate the effectiveness of the new policy.
He has yet to fulfill his promise to buy me a ring.
The fire department was mobilized to try and put out the forest fire.
I don't know how he can justify paying himself such a big bonus.
We have decided to outsource this job to China.
In retrospect, the whole project was doomed from the start.
My aunt and uncle emigrated to Australia in 1976.
Her father's last words were imprinted forever on her mind.
My grandmother outlived my grandfather by 20 years.
I told the boy not to pinch his little brother.
The scientists will use the new software to simulate storm conditions.
The car skidded on the icy road and crashed into a tree.
Many vegetarians are opposed to the cruel way in which animals are slaughtered.
You can use this key to adjust the volume on the computer.
The dental hospital is affiliated with UCLA.
The citizens group is agitating for change.
This medicine should alleviate your cold symptoms.
We applauded the judge's decision to free the prisoner.
Several women have been assaulted in this area recently.
I assembled the desk in less than five minutes.
We decided to backtrack after we lost our way in the woods.
The news said the woman had been severely battered.
I was bewildered by his sudden change in personality.
He bribed the CEO of the company to get the contract.
The foreign minister brokered a trade agreement between the two sides.
The boy told the teacher that he had been bullied.
The sailboat capsized in rough seas.
She showed me a document certifying that she was the owner of the painting.
The woman cited overwork as the reason for her illness.
The child clutched his mother's hand tightly.
The British were the first people to colonize this area.
The ceremony will commence at 2 p.m. sharp.
He commutes to school in Yokohama on the train every day.
The police confirmed the identity of the suspect.
There was nothing I could do to console her after her dog died.
The soldiers crawled slowly across the battlefield.
Biodegradable materials are decomposed by bacteria in the soil.
He deemed it wise not to say anything about his mistake.
He blamed me in an attempt to deflect criticism away from himself.
She was demoted because she was late for work so often.
He worked really hard and thoroughly deserves all his success.
She despised them for saying such unkind things to their classmate.
The lion devoured the meat in 20 seconds.
He discarded all his old clothing.
It is illegal to discriminate against women.
The government downplayed the effects of the disaster.
The tulips have already begun to droop.
She enchanted the children with her stories about witches and wizards.
She was endowed with both beauty and intelligence.
I have decided to enlist in the Navy.
They freed the whale which had become entangled in the fishing net.
The smell of the sea evoked memories of family holidays at the beach.
The police foiled an attempt to rob the museum last night.
Our group hopes to foster good relations between teachers and parents.
The apartment was furnished with simple modern furniture.
It took us a while to grasp how serious the situation was.
The judge ordered the man to stop harassing the actress.
The villagers heeded the warning to stay inside during the storm.
The agreement heralded a new era of peace between the two countries.
We were all horrified to hear of the terrible crime.
The lawyer advised him to say nothing in case he incriminated himself.
The bombing inflicted a great deal of damage on the town.
The teacher watched how the children interacted with one another.
He lamented that he had failed to get her to marry him.
The soldiers liberated the town from the enemy.
I would like to lodge a complaint about one of your staff.
I magnified the image of the skin cells using a microscope.
He used his charm to manipulate her into signing the agreement.
The divorce lawyer did her best to mediate between the couple.
Students are free to mingle at the party.
She mumbled something under her breath.
The times of the two meetings overlapped by 20 minutes.
He was completely overpowered by her dazzling wit and charm.
It is my job to oversee operations in this factory.
The room was very hot and he started to perspire.
An urgent phone call precluded me from attending the meeting.
There are plans to reconstruct the ancient temple that once stood here.
He went to the ward office to register the birth of his baby son.
The scientist was unable to replicate the results of his original experiment.
There is a danger that the protesters may resort to violence if nobody listens to them.
The police retraced the steps of the missing child.
The famous artist was ridiculed when he was younger.
The Prime Minister saluted the bravery of the firefighters who rescued the children.
He was sentenced to ten years in prison for armed robbery.
The audience shrieked in fright during the scary movie.
He was caught trying to smuggle drugs into the country.
The children sneaked into the back of the movie theater.
The incident sparked a war in the country.
The students speculated about how old their teacher was.
She fell and sprained her wrist in gym class yesterday.
The children got lost after they strayed too far from the campsite.
We had a lovely time strolling around the park.
The people here subsist on only a handful of rice a day.
If you subtract six from ten, you get four.
The queen summoned the palace guards.
The girl swapped her ice skates for a skateboard.
The crowd of protesters in the square swelled to well over 100,000.
The two spies synchronized their watches.
We trekked for three days in the mountains of Tibet.
The farmer caught the boys trespassing on his land.
The new monument in the town square is due to be unveiled next Tuesday.
It is the role of a judge to uphold the law.
He decided to uproot his family and move to Singapore.
The sight of all the blood made him want to vomit.
His crime doesn't seem to warrant life in prison.
I wish he would stop whining and complaining all the time.
The situation in the war zone is worsening day by day.
This watercolor typifies the artist's early style.
The plot to kill the prime minister almost succeeded.
This big cat is a hybrid between a lion and a tiger.
One of his main flaws is that he is extremely short tempered.
The strain of her demanding job began to show.
I will leave the choice of party venue entirely up to your discretion.
We were all aware of the rivalry between the two salesmen.
The football player received a lot of publicity after he moved to another team.
He used his initiative to solve the problem.
The team's triumph in the championship was completely unexpected.
I received a lot of nice compliments about my new coat.
People all over the world paid tribute to her for her great charity work.
Her parents refused to give their consent to her marriage.
The children sang together in unison.
We studied Darwin's theory of evolution at school.
I watched an excerpt from the Premier's speech on the evening news.
This contract includes an escape clause in case the goods are not delivered on time.
The doctors discussed the best ways to treat drug addiction.
Before using these chemicals, please ensure that there is proper ventilation in the room.
It is possible that your doctor's diagnosis is incorrect.
These two breeds of dogs have very different characteristics.
Law and medicine are professions which require many years of study.
Many consumers expressed a preference for this brand of washing detergent.
I have great admiration for her courage and leadership.
The news that the war was over came as a relief to the soldiers' families.
I think he lacks the capability to do the job properly.
Faith is the most important thing in his life.
She decided to appeal against her conviction.
The procedure for applying for a passport is very simple.
I filed the papers under three main categories.
She fed the child a segment of orange.
He is an expert on global finance.
Manufacturing output has increased since we introduced the new technology.
We are very worried about the recent downturn in sales.
His doctor told him to make exercise a part of his daily routine.
The protest against human rights violations turned into a riot.
The refugees from the war zone need our help urgently.
The destruction of the rainforest is a real calamity for the local people.
She has had to make major sacrifices for her children's sake.
The loss of his home caused the man great distress.
There was always a lot of friction between the two board members.
The inhabitants of the city are very proud of how clean it is.
Your predecessor resigned due to personal reasons.
Representatives of the Football Association met to discuss the player's suspension.
I still can't believe she had the nerve to come uninvited.
John is usually really nice, but watch out for his bad temper.
He seems to lack awareness of the dangers of drunk driving.
We are working on the assumption that sales will increase.
Everyone has the right to freedom of speech under the Constitution.
It is difficult to guess the meaning of a new word without knowing the context.
When playing tennis on grass he has the edge over his main rival.
The formation of the new government marks the beginning of a new era for this country.
Most of our students come from wealthy families; he is an exception.
The extremity of the punishment surprised even the victim's parents.
She cut her finger on a small fragment of glass.
I need a minimum of two weeks to finish this report.
The international incident increased the chances of war breaking out.
The police had few clues as to who had robbed the bank.
We are concerned about the welfare of our senior citizens.
The hotel is located at the intersection between Main and Front streets.
All of her children had very different personality traits.
The lioness stalked her prey for several hours before attacking.
The election results were so unpopular that they led to anarchy in the capital.
The famous couple's breakup was announced by their manager.
Due to time constraints we have to work over the weekend if we are to finish this proposal in time.
In order to judge the situation correctly, a certain degree of critical detachment is necessary.
I'm in a bit of a dilemma about whether to go to the party or not.
You gave me a real fright when you suddenly jumped out like that!
He ordered the removal of a number of bushes from outside his house.
The man was arrested following the shocking revelations in the Daily Times.
The Prime Minister's public apology was an affirmation that he had been wrong.
The lecturer drew an analogy between a computer and a human brain.
The army soldier was honored for his great bravery during the battle.
His conscience would never allow him to do such a thing.
We are expecting an upturn in the economy soon.
Access to healthcare should be a right, not a privilege.
The significance of these ancient documents is as yet unknown.
The outcome of the contest was in doubt until the very last moment.
The detectives tried to get a confession from the suspect.
She gave me some discount vouchers to use in the cafeteria.
Only non-residents will be given an exemption from this tax.
Few monarchs still actively rule their countries nowadays.
Not one spectator remained sitting down after the football match started.
This fabric conditioner comes in several different fragrances.
The officials measured the levels of radiation on the ground.
The immense cost of industrialization is a big problem for developing nations.
The chickens were kept in a small enclosure behind the farmhouse.
The advertising agency showed great ingenuity in developing this campaign.
I listened while he read his exciting narrative about surviving in the jungle.
The postscript to the story explains what finally happened to the main characters.
I handed the final draft of my book to my publisher yesterday.
I would appreciate your insight into this problem.
The architect put his drawings into a black leather portfolio.
I am afraid this job is beyond the scope of my abilities.
I have the sensation that everything is about to go very wrong.
The police are investigating the sequence of events leading up to the crime.
The shipment of bananas is due to arrive on Monday.
I took out a subscription to the new fashion magazine.
His timidity stopped him from pursuing his dream to become an actor.
They sell a wide variety of cooking utensils in this store.
This college has received validation from the education ministry.
This storybook is written entirely in verse.
We keep our stock in a warehouse near our shop.
This soup stock contains no artificial additives.
The three political parties decided to form an alliance.
The plane was flying at an altitude of 5,000 meters when it hit turbulence.
He told us a funny anecdote about his time in Japan.
He threw the file down on the desk in annoyance.
She agreed to talk to the journalist on condition of anonymity.
The athletes marched into the stadium as the Olympic anthem played.
This vase was brought to Japan from China in antiquity.
The carpenter showed his new apprentice how to hold a hammer.
She pointed to the arc of a rainbow in the sky.
He was an aristocrat with friends in high places.
There was a vast array of perfumes on display in the department store.
I asked my attorney to draw up the legal document for me.
The auditor asked to see all of the company's financial documents.
Her autobiography has sold over 1 million copies already.
Car manufacturing forms the backbone of our economy.
I can't believe those barbarians actually destroyed the ancient monuments.
We used the sales figures from last year as a baseline for this year's sales targets.
Sixty firefighters fought the factory blaze for over two days.
The children swam across the breadth of the lake.
There was a breakout from the county jail last night.
The engineers reported a buildup of steam before the explosion took place.
He has been working too hard and is suffering from burnout.
During the chase, the police shot an innocent bystander by mistake.
This court ruling is an example of press censorship.
The welcoming committee waited at the airport for the German Chancellor to arrive.
I have to finish my chores before I can go out and play.
Local people complained about the threatened closure of the hospital.
Sugar is a compound which is made of three elements.
Compression can be used to reduce the size of these files.
This book dates from the time of the Norman Conquest.
Dr. Smith is available for a consultation at 3 p.m.
He owes his creditors a great deal of money.
What criteria are you using to decide who will get the job?
Where can I change some money into the local currency?
She suffered from severe dehydration after getting lost in the desert.
He took me to the bus depot to catch my bus back to New York.
He suffers from poor digestion and takes medicine regularly.
There has been a significant dilution of the work ethic recently.
They expressed their discontent at the new working conditions.
The runner was sent home from the Olympics in disgrace.
Our company specializes in the disposal of toxic waste.
The bribery charges led to the politician's downfall.
She has been in exile for the last ten years.
The couple is having fertility treatment at the moment.
The soldiers faced their foe on the battlefield.
They had the foresight to prepare a bag for emergencies.
He was found guilty of fraud and sentenced to five years in prison.
I plan to ship most of my furniture to Australia by sea freight.
This cuisine is a perfect fusion of Italian and Greek cooking.
She is at the top of the management hierarchy.
He turned his key in the ignition but the engine didn't start.
There was widespread ignorance about the causes of the disease.
Many people complained about the imposition of the new tax.
He plans to share his inheritance with his cousin.
The doctor suggested that he reduce his intake of salt by half.
She was not happy about her mother-in-law's interference in her marriage.
We studied our itinerary carefully before our trip to Spain.
This ancient manuscript was quite difficult to read.
He decided to write his memoirs when he reached his seventieth birthday.
Learning to walk is one of the most important milestones in a child's development.
She wiped the moisture off the inside of her goggles before putting them on.
He is in mourning for his wife at the moment.
The crash was caused by negligence on the part of the truck driver.
Obesity can raise the risk of a number of diseases.
This room is available for single or double occupancy.
She lives in a spacious house on the outskirts of the city.
One of my favorite pastimes is reading books.
They left the country to escape religious persecution.
The biggest portion of the budget is spent on online advertising.
The producer is the real creative powerhouse behind the success of the band.
They are due to unveil a prototype of their new eco car later this month.
This publication is available in all leading bookshops.
He asked me to fill out a questionnaire about the new product line.
He has been the recipient of several important awards.
The doctor made a referral to another hospital.
I asked for a refund because the blender broke after only one day.
He gave me a brief résumé of the president's speech.
We are very worried about the resurgence of crime in the area.
Try as I might, I couldn't solve the riddle.
The priest performed the funeral rites.
There is a lot of disease in this area due to poor sanitation.
The political prisoner was kept in seclusion for a long time.
There has been a shift in attitudes towards working women in the last twenty years.
The resignation of the junior minister is only the sideshow. - The main act is still to follow.
He assured me he was telling the truth but I was unsure of his sincerity.
She showed me how to cut the stems of the roses on the slant.
There was much rejoicing when slavery was finally abolished in the US in 1865.
The newspaper took a stance against racism.
The customs officer said I had to pay a tariff on the goods.
He is a traitor who sold our country's secrets to the other side.
We read the transcription of the witnesses' statements.
She arranged for her son to receive extra tuition in German.
The bank arranged for the valuation of the property.
The area was covered in lush green vegetation.
This large vessel can carry over 500 passengers and crew.
The police have interviewed several witnesses to the car accident.
The surgeon was greatly admired and respected by her peers.
They manufacture various different car components in this factory.
The soldier suffered depression due to his traumatic experiences in the war.
He wrote a book about life in contemporary Japan.
I am surprised that she was naive enough to believe his promises.
It will be virtually impossible to finish this work by the deadline.
She is a very articulate speaker and I understand her arguments perfectly.
I didn't have sufficient time to prepare for the meeting properly.
Too much strenuous exercise can cause joint pain and severe muscle fatigue.
The government needs to take drastic action if they are to solve the problem.
It is highly conceivable that the spy has already left the country.
It is an undeniable fact that our planet is getting warmer.
The atmosphere in the hospital waiting room was very tense.
The system in the school was very inflexible and rigid.
The pagers we used in the past are largely obsolete these days.
Not a single structure remained intact after the bombing.
John and Sue separated after realizing they were completely incompatible.
A list of events was written in chronological order in the front of the book.
This comprehensive report on air pollution contains a lot of new facts.
American history is a compulsory subject in our school.
This pay raise is conditional on workers agreeing to work on Saturdays.
You will get better results if you talk to your puppy in a gentle, soothing voice.
Her comment demonstrated that she only had a superficial understanding of this subject.
Both London and New York are large cosmopolitan cities.
Most new businesses need to make large capital investments to begin their activities.
The large rock outside the cave entrance was completely immovable.
Presumably we will get our money back as the goods were faulty.
The leader of the country was infamous for his cruelty.
He was very evasive about the circumstances under which they met.
The little girl was very hesitant to pet the large dog.
My mouth still felt numb one hour after my visit to the dentist.
Supplies of daily necessities like drinkable water are scarce in the war zone.
It is too cold to go outside with your head uncovered.
This new mobile phone has several novel features.
There are a few notable exceptions to this rule.
What you said in the meeting seemed reasonable to me.
Whether you feel you are rich or not is highly subjective.
The view from the top of the mountain was majestic.
The insurance company paid the victim a substantial amount of money.
Luckily, he only suffered minor injuries in the accident.
It had been too long since the purchase, so the store would only give a partial refund for the item.
She was amazed to see all the exotic plants and flowers in the jungle.
I try to cook my family a healthy, nutritious meal every evening.
The dancer's movements were very fluid.
Horizontal beams at the top of a house help to support the weight of the roof.
Many experts say that intensive reading helps improve reading ability.
His religious beliefs are very important to him.
Most top-ranking universities are highly selective about which students they accept.
He studied electronics at a vocational school.
This is a rather abstract idea that is beyond my grasp.
I find her ideas somewhat obscure and difficult to understand.
This bus service will be suspended for the indefinite future.
His jacket was made of some kind of thick, coarse material.
I think the team needs a more defensive strategy.
Even though he was rich and successful he remained a humble and modest man.
The situation is grim for the people in the areas affected by the drought.
I found the bus journey very long and tedious.
The food was great, but the bread was a bit stale.
He is very unsociable and always turns down party invitations.
The weather has been extremely variable recently.
She felt underdressed as no one had told her it would be a formal party.
She is a very outgoing girl who makes friends easily.
These donated goods are superfluous to our needs.
I thought the Christmas decorations were rather tasteless and vulgar.
They are very rich and live in an exclusive part of the city.
All he needs is a place to live and a decent job.
In the end, they found an amicable solution to their disagreement.
Her voice was barely audible above the noise of the traffic.
These designs took a considerable amount of time to complete.
The report needs to be concise, or no one will be interested in reading it.
It was very considerate of you to send me a birthday card.
This tent is made from a very strong, durable material.
His offer of a business loan came at a very opportune moment.
The shopkeepers in this part of town live in perpetual fear of being robbed.
This disease used to be a killer but is usually curable nowadays.
She's proficient in at least six languages.
My boss is not very receptive to new ideas.
A cactus is a very resilient plant that needs little water.
The students in this college come from very diverse backgrounds.
This idea is still hypothetical at the moment.
We could hear intermittent bursts of gunfire in the distance.
Within two decades, India will become the world's most populous country.
The large ceremonial hat worn by the bride was very heavy.
There is still no major cosmological theory to challenge the “Big Bang.”
All the members were unanimous in electing him captain of their team.
He attached the swing to the branch of a stout tree.
She knew intuitively that her boyfriend was lying to her.
In terms of World Cup success, Brazil and Italy rank first and second respectively.
I am not wholly convinced that this is a good business plan.
She stopped the car abruptly in the middle of the road.
Various kinds of recording equipment are used to produce interesting acoustic effects.
She stuck the broken toy back together with adhesive tape.
Admittedly it is a little expensive, but I am going to buy it anyway.
I bought an adorable little pink dress for my niece.
He was adrift at sea for a week before he was rescued.
This rule is not applicable to those over 18.
The plane is scheduled to arrive at approximately 9:15 p.m. tonight.
The biologist spent many years studying the aquatic life in the bay.
He gave her a box of assorted soaps for her birthday.
This job would be more bearable if we had longer holidays.
I sent my aunt a belated birthday card.
This is a binding contract and it will be difficult to break it.
This biographical film tells the story of the actor's early life.
We spent three hours strolling around the botanical gardens.
Everyone was shocked by the brutal killing.
The test is designed to measure children's cognitive development.
He was able to give me a coherent account of the accident.
The young soldier showed commendable bravery on the battlefield.
The captured soldiers made a daring escape from the prison camp.
It is debatable as to whether this new medicine actually works.
He felt dejected after he failed to get the starring role in the movie.
She was delirious with happiness when she heard she had won the lottery.
The people in the war zone are becoming more and more desperate.
This factory employs a large number of disabled people.
They took a group of disadvantaged children on a trip to the seaside.
She is a distinguished scientist who has received several awards.
It was warm in the room and I started to feel drowsy.
She is very extravagant and uses her credit card far too often.
The village described in this book is fictitious.
The children were filthy after playing in the mud.
He was a formidable opponent and I was lucky to win the match.
My daughter loves small furry animals like rabbits.
She is a very gracious and elegant lady.
The miners were in grave danger after the accident.
He is a hardy little dog, who loves to play outdoors.
Their relationship is very harmonious and they hardly ever disagree.
It is hypocritical of him to say I am lazy when he never does any work himself.
I was impressed by his incisive analysis of the situation.
He is a very influential and powerful business leader.
I wanted to go home but she was insistent that I stay for dinner.
He was instrumental in ending the war.
He made the irreversible decision to defect to the USA.
I wish they wouldn't try to involve me in their marital disputes.
The group of school children visited the maritime museum.
He is a mischievous little boy, always getting himself into trouble.
I got a job at a large multinational company.
I noticed a nauseous smell in the room.
This dog is very obedient and well-behaved.
More information about this subject is easily obtainable on the Internet.
We are monitoring the ongoing hostage situation.
The new space station should be fully operational by next year.
The political candidate was accused of telling an outright lie.
Sister Teresa is a very pious and humble woman.
Let's arrange a preliminary meeting to discuss the project.
This was a particularly cold and premeditated murder.
At this hotel, we aim to be responsive to the needs of our guests.
The dictator ruled the country ruthlessly for over twenty years.
The children paid scant attention to their gym teacher's instructions.
We looked out over the serene waters of the Adriatic Sea.
He is a very shallow person and only cares about himself.
Let the rope go slack when the horse is feeding.
He winked and gave me a sly smile.
The character of the mother in this movie is slightly stereotypical.
His explanation was straightforward and to the point.
I took cover under the sturdy desk during the earthquake.
We made a tactical decision to raise the price of our products.
This lion cub is very tame and will eat out of your hand.
The doctor gave him a thorough examination.
No unauthorized persons are allowed in this area.
The children in the refugee camp were underfed and sickly.
Her own childhood experiences make her uniquely qualified to teach problem students.
She seemed to be unperturbed by the news that she was about to be fired.
He unwittingly caused the accident by failing to switch off the gas.
Are you planning to vote in the upcoming election?
This train pass is valid for one year from date of purchase.
We made a verbal agreement to deliver the product by April 1st.
The babysitter kept a watchful eye on the little boy.
She comes from a very well-off family, which own several companies.
The comedian made many wry jokes about politicians.
This organization advocates the abolition of the death penalty.
The census bureau compiled very detailed data on the voting public.
During the forest fire, all the local people were evacuated to a safer area.
She resented her parents for treating her like a child.
The computer software company is thriving in a very competitive market.
He embraced his wife one last time before he left for the airport.
He is very strong and excels at sports.
The shooting of the protestor by the police triggered a riot.
Forty percent fewer students enrolled this year, compared to last year.
The police were unable to retrieve all the stolen jewelry.
You should expect to undergo many changes during your life.
The boy was expelled from his school for bad behavior.
The government ministers discussed ways to curb inflation.
At the end of the season, the team was relegated to the second division.
There are only about ten days left before my passport expires.
After a life of crime, the man tried to redeem himself by doing charity work.
Drinking alcohol negates the positive effects of this medicine.
His reputation was tainted by the scandal.
The group of immigrants assimilated well into their local community.
Crowds congregated around the theater entrance hoping for a glimpse of the actress.
This college plans to allocate several extra places for overseas students this year.
I had to concede that he was right in the end.
I think this advertisement degrades women.
A few of the students lingered for a while after the lesson.
The financial crisis has undermined the position of the CEO of the bank.
Over the past few years this company has monopolized the sportswear market.
It was not easy for her to reconcile her career with her family life.
The bank manager authorized a loan of 10,000 dollars to the company.
All the company's files and documents will be carefully scrutinized by investigators.
The police were unable to verify the woman's alibi.
After the accident, he vowed never to drink and drive again.
Our company plans to recruit several university graduates this year.
The government official contradicted himself several times during the meeting.
I managed to cram all the souvenirs I had bought into my suitcase.
She felt shocked and disoriented after the car accident.
The troops were totally overwhelmed and had to surrender.
A gas explosion devastated both the factory and the surrounding buildings.
The police dispersed the angry mob with tear gas and water cannons.
The drinking water was found to be contaminated.
Train services were disrupted this morning due to a power failure.
The politician tried to divert people's attention away from his scandal.
The gang has now eluded the police for a full two weeks.
The landlord evicted the tenants when they refused to pay the rent.
The record producer was accused of exploiting the young singers.
Pest control experts were called in to exterminate the rats in the building.
Luckily, a passerby was able to extinguish the fire before it spread.
The rescue of the injured mountain climber was hindered by bad weather.
By arriving late, the team forfeited the game.
The hospital staff are always grumbling about their long work hours.
My boss humiliated me by criticizing my work in front of everyone.
He tried to provoke me, but I just ignored him.
The mountaineer's determination to reach the summit never wavered.
The front window of the car shattered when the tree branch struck it.
There is a limit to how much money a person can withdraw from an ATM at any one time.
The hotel staff catered to my every need.
The mayor tried to intimidate local business owners into voting for him.
In times of drought, we need to conserve water.
This new marketing method should enhance our sales productivity.
Please take some time to familiarize yourself with the new software.
The first thing you need to do is to acquaint yourself with our operating system.
The advantages of taking the new job far outweigh the disadvantages.
He attempted to pacify the angry little girl by offering her some candy.
He accused his wife of pampering their son.
The doctor reassured her that her operation had been a success.
The girl yearned to escape from her boring life in the small town.
Unfortunately, my feelings for her were not reciprocated.
This committee will convene every Friday evening at 7 p.m. in the town hall.
He accumulated a lot of debt while he was a student.
This park has been designated as a smoke-free area.
The comedian is famous for impersonating Hollywood celebrities.
His life was very boring and he craved excitement.
It was difficult to sustain the students' interest until the end of the lecture.
The local authority has undertaken the job of rebuilding the area affected by the earthquake.
Archeologists unearthed the skeleton of a dinosaur in the desert.
The water in the puddle quickly evaporated under the hot sun.
A new CD will be released to commemorate the tenth anniversary of his death.
I skimmed through the report, looking for the information I needed.
Someone slashed the tires of the principal's new car.
The sound of the fire alarm startled both the students and the teachers.
The fireworks flared brightly in the sky above us.
A lot of young people were loitering outside the bar.
The police said he had endangered others by driving while drunk.
She was caught shoplifting in a department store downtown.
The child was taken into care after being abused by his parents.
The police have no idea who committed this murder.
Three people were reported missing, but their names were not disclosed.
The passenger had an extra bottle of liquor concealed in his hand luggage.
I deleted the file I was working on by mistake.
This old school building is due to be demolished next month.
The teachers restrained the two students fighting in the hall.
The pain of losing her family was almost too much for her to endure.
The accident happened because they completely disregarded the safety rules.
He tried to tempt me with some chocolate, but I stuck to my diet.
I have decided to resign from my job.
The security guard was dismissed for sleeping on the job.
Thirty years of heavy drinking has seriously impaired his brain function.
Sorry to intrude, but I wonder if you could help me.
The accident paralyzed him and left him in a wheel chair.
After the service, the old man's ashes were scattered near his favorite tree.
Sports cars usually accelerate much faster than passenger cars.
He exaggerated the facts to make his new theory more convincing.
She surpassed her own best 100 meter time in the Olympic final.
My wife accompanied me on my business trip to Seoul.
The doctor told me to immerse my swollen foot in cold water.
Large gold earrings dangled from her ears.
The ball bounced off the post into the goal.
She crept quietly into the back of the hall, hoping that no one would notice her.
The museum's collection comprises over 4,000 paintings and sculptures.
The children were inspired by the acrobat's spectacular performance.
Ten people have been condemned to death in that country this year.
It is my job to supervise the construction work on the building.
The actress sued the newspaper for libel.
The company was prosecuted for failing to enforce safety regulations.
It was hard to read the note because it was scribbled so messily.
In this biography the ex-President is portrayed as being a very weak man.
The doctor said my mother is now well enough to be discharged from the hospital.
In the past many schools in the country were segregated according to race.
The famous golfer received $25 million for endorsing the company's products.
A statue is going to be erected in the middle of the square.
We need to formulate a new plan of action.
I heard a familiar voice hailing me in the distance.
300 troops were deployed to the front line.
A high-ranking diplomat was implicated in the bribery scandal.
We need to modify our product to satisfy new customer needs.
I'm afraid my computer is infected with a virus.
The police department dispatched a patrol car to the scene of the accident.
In the last 100 years, many factory workers have been displaced by machines.
They did all they could but were unable to revive the elderly woman.
Some unusual funeral customs still prevail in this part of the world.
The newspaper quoted the police officer as saying the investigation was now over.
The police officer's license has been suspended during the investigation.
I stumbled over a stone on the path.
Please eject the CD from the player before turning it off.
After overstaying her visa, she was deported back to her native land.
The people of the country voted on whether to amend the constitution.
The team was extremely dispirited after losing several matches in a row.
Her high-pitched laugh really irritates me.
He's my best friend. He would never betray me.
He was arrested for trying to extort money from local shop owners.
I had too many cigarettes, so the customs officer confiscated one carton.
His strange symptoms confounded the doctors.
His political power has begun to diminish lately.
Due to unfortunate circumstances, he was forced to defer his final year at university.
The rebel army agreed to desist from bombing urban areas.
My plants all withered while I was away on vacation.
The child disengaged himself from his mother's arms.
We decided to omit this section from the final report.
One woman said that she welcomes a new government that doesn't oppress its people.
The navy base will be dismantled over the next two years.
His story about being a secret agent was completely fabricated.
His driver's license was revoked after he was caught driving drunk.
Rebels once again violated the terms of the cease-fire agreement.
She falsified some important documents in order to get a bank loan.
The rescue operation is being hampered by a lack of special equipment.
She was haunted by memories of the plane crash.
An overturned truck on Route 66 is obstructing traffic.
This new law infringes on people's right to freedom of speech.
Political prisoners in this prison may be accorded special treatment.
Even a slight movement will activate the alarm system.
The prosecution alleged that he had robbed three banks.
The DJ played some classic disco hits in an attempt to enliven the party.
His online businesses prospered and grew year by year.
Her new catering business is flourishing.
The actor was surprised to be nominated for an Academy Award.
The Government will be pushing to enact the bill as soon as possible.
The group exerted pressure on the Government in an attempt to bring about changes in the law.
These two schools will be integrated into a single institution next year.
A package containing drugs was intercepted at the airport.
The bullet from the gun penetrated the doorframe.
The doctor prescribed some painkillers for my backache.
In the chairman's absence, Mr. Dougherty will preside over the meeting.
You shouldn't underestimate his sales ability.
He finds it hard to conform to school rules.
The path diverged at the foot of the hill.
The police escorted the witness to a safe location.
She slowly exhaled the cigarette smoke from her lungs.
The changes in the tax law should facilitate economic growth.
Who could have foretold that house prices would drop by so much in just one year?
In view of the recession, managers will have to forgo their bonuses this year.
She fumbled in her pocket for her keys.
The school has recently initiated a new program for musically gifted students.
The priest usually meditates for several hours every day.
It is impossible to overplay the importance of praising one's child.
The player caught the ball after it rebounded off the side wall.
I reckon that this is the hottest day so far this year.
Pictures and photos depicting heroes will be on display in this gallery next month.
Please dissolve these tablets in water.
His face was distorted with anger.
Please convey my condolences to your father.
He was falling asleep, so she nudged him in the arm.
The police officer's bullet grazed the suspect's left shoulder.
The team huddled together on the field discussing strategy.
The design team scrambled to make some last minute changes to the new software.
She shuddered at the thought of having to clean up the disgusting mess.
The home team snatched victory at the last minute.
I squatted down so that I was the same height as the child.
I squeezed the tube of toothpaste trying to get some out.
She put her hand over her mouth to stifle a yawn.
He is very tall and had to stoop to fit through the doorway.
The rabbit's nose twitched.
He always tries to upstage the other actors in the show.
We will need four people to usher all the guests into the church.
The workman welded the metal beam into place.
He rebelled against his overly strict parents.
We need to amplify the sound of the drums on this track.
His work exemplifies this style of romantic painting.
It gratified her to see her guests enjoying her cooking so much.
Singapore is populated by Malays, Indians and Chinese.
The schools have all been reinforced to withstand earthquakes.
The UN had no choice but to intervene in the crisis.
There is concern that this sport has been debased by commercialism.
The organization pledged 10 million dollars to help the city's street children.
The dispute has been going on for three years now.
The government set a strict quota on imports of manufactured goods.
This state has a surplus of unskilled laborers.
His counterpart in the U.S. earns a much higher salary for doing the same job.
The hotel is in the proximity of the business district.
The campsite we stayed at lacked even the basic amenities.
The minister's credibility was damaged by the report released yesterday.
The scientist is held in high esteem by all of her colleagues.
The next item on the agenda is the vote for the next meeting's chairperson.
The finance minister explained the reasons for the budget deficit.
I enjoy reading the Sunday supplement that comes with my paper every week.
This hand cream contains natural plant extracts.
This pharmacist has a good stock of herbal remedies for colds and allergies.
I checked the debits in my bank book.
The older workers resented the young upstart's attempts to change the company's image.
There is a lot of prestige attached to this executive job.
I started going to the gym again after a lapse of six months.
The committee discussed the ethics behind the new medical treatment.
Your perception of war is distinctly different from mine.
The captain was able to avoid a catastrophe by evacuating the ship before it sank.
The two parties who got the most votes in the election formed a coalition government.
This restaurant serves authentic Italian cuisine.
The court awarded custody of the children to their father.
“If my deductions are correct, Dr. Watson, Lord Smith is the murderer,” said the detective.
Due to road construction, we had to make a detour on the way home.
The government plans to increase expenditure on public services in the coming year.
I caught a glimpse of the movie star through the window of his car.
The inmates of the open prison spend several hours working outdoors every day.
It was difficult to read the inscription on the back of the watch.
He made a list of the inventory in the museum shop.
The government is planning a complete overhaul of the tax system next year.
Economic sanctions were imposed on the country when they refused to condemn terrorism.
The police are keeping the drug dealers under surveillance.
We are looking for a suitable venue for our annual conference.
We use the national exam results as a yardstick to measure our students' success.
She hates confrontation and tries to avoid it at all costs.
Global warming is putting many species of animals in jeopardy.
The student waited in dread for the result of his math test.
The doctor said she is suffering from mental and physical fatigue.
Her singing voice more than makes up for her shortcomings as a dancer.
The cyclist suffered a fracture to his right arm in the accident.
It was a nuisance to have to wait so long in line just to buy a concert ticket.
The author was accused of plagiarism.
My next-door neighbor's dog is an absolute menace.
The team's plans for Olympic success suffered a setback when they lost their first race.
There are few people who truly enjoy solitude.
We experienced severe turbulence during the flight to New York.
The court was in an uproar when the judge read out the guilty verdict.
The workers in this company have little incentive to work any harder.
The Ph.D. student received a grant from the government for her research.
The priest led a life of virtue.
Thank you so much for your kind hospitality during our stay.
I would like to offer you my sincere condolences.
Even though the students were very badly behaved, the teacher never once lost her composure.
She felt great compassion for the starving people.
A compromise was finally reached after six hours of negotiations.
Peace talks stalled because neither side was willing to make any concessions.
It was quite a coincidence that we booked a room at the same hotel.
The newspaper reporter was found guilty of reading the star's private correspondence.
There was a lot of media coverage of the royal wedding.
I placed my ballot paper in the box.
After a string of mistakes, the doctor's competence was called into question.
She had a premonition about the plane crash the night before it happened.
There is an underground parking area in the vicinity of the conference center.
The medical students studied the anatomy of the human body.
Most molecules are too small to be seen with the naked eye.
You will need several ingredients in order to make this cake.
The detective had a hunch that the man wasn't telling the truth.
This flu virus is not very strong and you should feel better soon.
I saw the gleam of a lantern coming toward me in the dark.
There are many different dialects in this part of the country.
Tokyo has been the commercial, political and social hub of Japan since the Edo era.
A feeling of peace and contentment came over me as I looked out over the beautiful sunset.
He has a natural aptitude for languages.
The professor left a legacy of academic excellence in his department.
The designer's latest business is a joint enterprise between two fashion labels.
The baseball player showed great loyalty to his teammates by turning down the transfer offer.
The first priority of this government is to improve the education system.
According to a recent study, the overuse of mobile phones may be a health hazard.
The small explosion led to the fire that destroyed the whole building.
Aid workers are warning of a famine in the area.
Many people expressed disgust at the way the animals in the farms are treated.
Onlookers watched in dismay as the circus elephant panicked, and charged into the crowd.
Laws concerning abortion vary from state to state in the USA.
This latest attack was in retaliation for last week's shooting of the rebel leader.
Dogs and cats make excellent companions for elderly people.
I am thinking about changing my occupation from lawyer to artist.
She is the curator of a small private art museum in Boston.
Scientists hope to develop a vaccine against AIDS one day.
His court case was heard in the county court.
Canada is divided into several provinces with their own local governments.
The British colonization of the Americas began in 1607.
His work as a volunteer overseas covers many spheres of activity.
He was overjoyed at her acceptance of his marriage proposal.
I filed a lawsuit against the company because they refused to replace the faulty goods.
There is no reference to the accident in today's newspaper.
The queen's head appears in profile on several different stamps.
Everyone knew from the outset that it would not be easy to gather the necessary signatures.
Let's have the leftovers for breakfast tomorrow.
He felt apprehension at the thought of having to look for a new job.
She sued the company for breach of contract.
Two people were injured in the clashes between police and anti-government protestors.
If any defects are found, please return the product to the manufacturer.
The plight of the homeless is at last getting some attention from Congress.
The fans were in a frenzy of excitement waiting for the concert to begin.
The economist warned of the danger of an implosion of the financial system.
The tree had to be cut down because it was full of rot.
Please check the bottom of the boat carefully for any signs of corrosion.
Divers searched the wreck of the ship for treasure.
“You will love this restaurant,” she said with certitude.
We carried out the safety checks in compliance with the law.
I really admire her dedication to her patients.
The first unification of Germany took place in 1871.
The elderly lady expressed gratitude for the kindness shown to her by her neighbors.
The remuneration for this job will be paid at the end of the month.
Our main role is to provide a forum for lively debate.
An emergency session of the UN Security Council was called to discuss the incident.
Tokyo Tower is one of the most famous landmarks in the Japanese capital.
The dropping of the flag was the cue to start the race.
We all have a moral obligation to try and keep our planet clean.
After we have received your remittance, we will forward your goods.
The people in these wall paintings were probably cave dwellers.
He is well known as a proponent of clean energy.
This dress shape is a holdover from the 1950's.
He often felt like an outcast as he was growing up.
I saw a flicker of amusement cross the teacher's face.
All students must study geometry at school.
There's a small section on Greek mythology in the local library.
The largest mammal in the world is the Blue Whale.
The charity workers felt great empathy for the suffering of the poor people.
The company used the infusion of cash to expand its facilities.
The linguists studied the utterances of a wide range of different kinds of people.
This word has a rather negative connotation.
The next football match should be a pushover.
The businessman used his political connections as leverage to get what he wanted.
There was a showdown between two board members at the meeting this afternoon.
It took almost four years to complete the renovations to the church.
The priest performed a number of complicated rituals during the ceremony.
This electric power generator can be used as a standby in emergencies.
The court ruled that he had to pay alimony to his wife.
Please wash the stack of dishes you left in the sink.
She took a nasty tumble as she was crossing the yard.
We were impressed by the young man's zeal.
The fighting between the two factions is leading the nation into a spiral of violence.
There is to be a total ban on cigarette advertisements in the near future.
He tried his best to cover up his terrible blunder.
He made a series of clever maneuvers during the chess game.
I will keep this travel guide as a memento of our wonderful holiday in Greece.
An undergraduate degree is a prerequisite to acceptance into this master's course.
We have to be careful not to become complacent now that we have reached our goal.
The engine problems were caused by an inherent weakness in the design of the car.
Relatives of the victims felt the killer's sentence was too lenient.
This may seem like a trivial problem, but it may become a big problem if we don't take action.
After his company went bankrupt, the future seemed very bleak to the former CEO.
The weather has been rather bizarre recently.
My mother looked very frail in her hospital gown.
After his initial failures, he went on to become very successful in subsequent years.
In this factory, mandatory safety inspections are carried out twice a year.
The tourists enjoyed swimming in the tranquil waters in the bay.
The living room in this house is very warm and cozy.
She lives in a big house in an affluent part of town.
I had several duplicate keys made.
She has very sophisticated taste in clothes and music.
We are lucky enough to have an abundant supply of fresh food on this island.
The house adjacent to ours caught on fire.
He crashed his car into a stationary vehicle.
He's so stubborn that he'll continue arguing until everyone gives in.
The firefighters were weary at the end of the long night.
In that country women are considered to be subordinate to men.
It is not feasible to expect us all to work overtime every day.
Many people consider solar power to be a viable alternative to nuclear energy.
1 mile is equivalent to about 1.6 kilometers.
She was disappointed with her mediocre performance in the race.
She is very clumsy and is always knocking things over.
I was shocked at his crude and vulgar language.
We were disappointed by our team's dismal performance in the World Cup.
These cakes are wrapped in edible paper.
The girl made a frantic attempt to finish her homework on time.
He suffers from a hereditary health condition.
I am deeply indebted to him for all his help with my book.
Ominous black clouds began to gather in the sky above them.
The young journalist found herself in a very perilous situation.
I was amazed by the artist's sublime combination of light and dark colors.
Her jacket was made of a fine, almost transparent silk.
I suddenly felt an acute pain in the side of my head.
The spring water is renowned for its purity and healing properties.
She is a very versatile dancer who can dance in a variety of styles.
Your son seems to be a very courteous and kind young man.
I think that new comedy program is really hilarious.
The art expert handled the ancient vase with the utmost care.
The actor was in the enviable position of being able to choose any part he wanted.
The new candidate has a spotless reputation.
Experts assured the local people that there was no imminent danger of the volcano erupting.
The boat race was cancelled due to adverse weather conditions.
I was followed around the store by a very persistent saleswoman.
The intense cold last night caused the pond to freeze over.
The prices this lawyer charges are outrageous.
She seems nice, but appearances can be deceptive.
I can't believe she was gullible enough to believe his story.
The opposition party accused the President of being very weak and indecisive.
I find him to be a very obnoxious and rude person.
This company is in a very precarious financial position at the moment.
Many people are very skeptical about the possibility of peace in the region.
I found his arguments to be extremely illogical and difficult to follow.
She was sick and tired of her two daughters' ceaseless fighting.
She has been world champion eight consecutive times.
Their marriage came to an end by mutual agreement.
I am not sure if all of their business activities are completely legitimate.
The singer admitted to having taken illicit drugs in the past.
Renovating our house is turning out to be more costly than we thought.
This volcano has been dormant for many hundreds of years.
This is a very sparsely populated area of the country.
The corrupt officials were arrested for accepting bribes.
Most of the equipment in this old factory is now redundant.
If you want to win in the competition, you will have to follow a rigorous training schedule.
We were lucky enough to enjoy a bountiful harvest this year.
She gave an outstanding performance in the role of Carmen.
The chef prepared a very elaborate meal for the important guests.
He made a solemn promise never to smoke again.
Switzerland stayed neutral during the Second World War.
Since the birth of his child, he has become more mellow and relaxed.
European people are very passionate about sports, especially football.
The wildfires caused extensive damage to the hillside forests.
This treatment is still experimental and we cannot be sure that it is safe.
The presidential candidate has firsthand experience of war.
We were shocked by her premature death at the age of 30.
Mumbai was described as a vibrant, exciting city in the travel guide.
She gave me an equivocal answer.
The salesperson was kind and attentive to the customer's needs.
He is a very quiet and bashful little boy.
The decrepit old hospital is due for demolition next week.
She gave a very ambiguous answer to the policeman's questions.
In my job, I often have to deal with irate phone calls.
The fraudster didn't care at all about his hapless victims.
He was killed by a lethal blow to the head.
The woman's face was impassive as she described the details of the accident.
The investigation showed that the restaurant had prepared the food in an improper way.
I thought his jokes were terribly indecent.
I am afraid he is a rather inept salesman.
The furthermost island chain from Tokyo is the Ryukyu Islands.
She sat gazing out of the window, with a pensive look on her face.
I am finding these instructions quite perplexing.
I wish he would stop making sarcastic comments all the time.
Sales were down last year due to the sluggish economy.
He really is witless when it comes to using a computer.
The deranged patient attacked the nurses with a chair.
The situation in the refugee camp is far from tolerable.
The apartment has lofty ceilings and very big windows.
There has been a noticeable improvement in the patient's health recently.
Her best quality is her boundless optimism.
There was a cordial atmosphere at the party this evening.
She is a devout Christian and goes to church every Sunday.
This dog is very docile and gentle.
This is a crucial decision which will affect millions of people.
The treatment of many farm animals is far from humane.
His account of the incident did not seem at all plausible.
He became fixated with the idea of inventing something new.
We made a spontaneous decision to buy a car on the spot.
He offered me no tangible evidence to back up his allegations.
Every year the city puts on a spectacular fireworks display.
The young are particularly susceptible to this new virus.
It is customary to tip waiters at least 20 percent around here.
I wonder where she is. She is usually very punctual.
The regulations of the old trade agreement are no longer operative.
The innermost chamber of a pyramid usually held its biggest treasure.
Until recently, students were taught that Pluto was the outermost planet in our solar system.
He is a petty thief and has been in trouble several times with the police.
They are demanding the unconditional surrender of the army.
This sculpture is a work of singular beauty.
She speaks English fluently.
She was blissfully unaware that her husband was having an affair.
She dutifully carried out all of her mother's instructions.
He follows the soccer team fanatically.
She slept fitfully, waking up several times during the night.
The reporter only uncovered the information incidentally.
“Sorry, I must have forgotten about our date,” she said lamely.
The teacher droned on and on monotonously.
Nominally, the queen is in charge of the armed forces.
The police questioned the suspect relentlessly.
He tactfully changed the topic of the conversation.
The idea that the world is not round is absurd!
My sister and I slept in adjoining hotel rooms during the trip.
The deep scar on his cheek made him very conspicuous.
I am fully conversant with this software.
It is a crime to knowingly sell counterfeit goods.
The party planner is well known for her painstaking attention to detail.
The mayor gave a very pompous and long-winded speech.
We made a provisional hotel booking for next month.
The United Nations is often abbreviated to the UN.
It is hoped that all will abide by the judge's ruling.
He decided to abstain from drinking alcohol for a while.
Computers made by that company account for around 25% of all computers used in Japan.
He was accused of stealing a watch from the store.
The little boy often acts up when he doesn't get enough attention.
My travel expenses add up to over 1,000 dollars a month.
It is important that all members of this club adhere to the rules.
This species of bird has all but disappeared from this area.
We need to leave early to allow for traffic jams on the highway.
She alluded to the high cost of food in Tokyo.
We had to work around the clock in order to finish the project on time.
Today's announcements are as follows.
Well, it wasn't his fault, as such, but he did have a lot to do with it.
She aspires to become President of the United States.
We must avoid trouble at all costs.
The public at large seems to be supportive of the government's policy changes.
We have a lot of funds at our disposal to use on this project.
The future of the computer industry in this country is now at stake.
The crash has been attributed to pilot error.
Management backed down on their offer of a raise.
The police decided to back off after the demonstration turned violent.
Given their current form, we can bank on the team winning the championship.
She is very sensitive and is apt to take any comments personally.
This organization is committed to protecting polar bears from extinction.
Is this software compatible with my computer?
Alexander Bell is usually credited with having invented the telephone.
The political prisoner was deprived of his freedom for twenty years.
He was destined to become Prime Minister of his country.
She is a very talented actor, endowed with great beauty and charm.
As a member, you are entitled to a 20% discount.
Customers with an average monthly balance of 1,000 dollars are exempt from the bank charge.
This advertisement is geared towards young people.
I am very grateful to you for all your kind help.
We were ignorant of all the conditions when we signed the rental contract.
He is obsessed with video games.
This party is projected to win the election by a landslide.
He is very careless and prone to make errors when inputting data.
I was reluctant to accept his offer at first, but everything has worked out well.
Several construction companies bid for the contract to build the new school.
My boss blew up at me when he discovered my mistake.
A big construction company has bought up most of the land in this area.
She bounced back quickly after her operation and was back at work today.
The famous singer bowed out of the charity concert at the last minute.
Unfortunately, talks between the two countries have broken down again.
I apologized for breaking in on the management meeting.
The latest reports say that fighting has broken out in the area.
The revelation of a serious scandal will bring down the government.
I plan to bring up the subject of pay at the next management meeting.
I need to brush up on my French.
I tried to talk to him at the party but he just brushed me off abruptly.
I bumped into an old friend on the street last week.
It is possible to burn off a lot of calories doing this kind of exercise.
The car crashed into the truck and burst into flames.
The game was called off due to rain.
The situation calls for urgent measures.
We got carried away singing karaoke and missed the last train home.
The army captain ordered the men to carry out his orders.
In some cases, unspent funds may be carried over to the next financial year.
I decided to cash in my shares in the company.
It took the children no time to catch on to the rules of the game.
I am looking forward to meeting you and catching up on the gossip.
She was charged with shoplifting.
The detective checked through the papers, looking for clues.
Everyone chipped in to buy a going-away present for Susan.
I chopped up some meat for my dog.
It took us some time to clear up the misunderstanding between us.
The mountaineer clung to a ledge, waiting to be rescued.
The driver lost control and collided with an oncoming truck.
He came down with the flu one day before his wedding.
It took him a while to come to after he fell down and hit his head.
I must confess that I wasn't the one who came up with this great idea.
It is clear that his poor diet and lack of exercise contributed to his death.
It is difficult to cope with three small children by myself.
He refused to cough up the money he owed me.
If I were you, I wouldn't count on the delivery being here on time.
Can you cover for me while I quickly go to the post office?
The police were accused of covering up important evidence.
She sat curled up on the sofa, reading a magazine.
We need to cut back on our expenses this month.
We decided to cut down on eating out in order to save money.
The director asked the actors not to deviate from the script too much.
He was diagnosed as suffering from stress.
The singer waited until the applause died down before starting her song.
Where did you dig up all this information?
She loves to dish out advice.
Please don't drag me into your argument with her.
The filming dragged on into the middle of the night.
As he was being paid by the hour, he tried to drag out the job for as long as possible.
They drew on their many years of experience to create this game.
We drew up a schedule for the new project.
She stood in a market square in Rome, drinking in the atmosphere.
Corn prices have been driven up by the recent floods in this area.
I will drop you off on the way to the station.
He seems to have dropped out of academic life.
He embarked on a new career as a doctor.
Her great kindness endeared her to her elderly neighbors.
Gradually, the noise of the parade faded away into the distance.
My plans for a homestay in Britain have fallen through.
The two designers fed off each other's creative ideas.
I will feel her out about the party to see if I can take you with me.
She fell for the conman's lies.
The task of dismissing the temporary workers fell on me.
I still can't figure out how such a successful company could go bankrupt.
He hadn't figured on losing his job when he took out a mortgage.
I'll fill you in on the details of the contract before the next meeting.
I tried, without success, to flag a taxi down.
She flipped idly through a fashion magazine looking at the photos.
The young policeman spent the whole day following up a lead.
I don't know who is going to foot the bill for repairs to the clubhouse.
For all her fame, she is a very unhappy person.
Why don't you come and stay at our house for the time being?
The leaves of the plant gave off a strange smell.
Did you get around to writing the report I asked you for?
It seems like the gang has gotten away with the bank robbery.
I don't know how you get by on such a small amount of money.
The sooner we get down to business, the better.
His selfish attitude is starting to get on my nerves.
Management stubbornly refused to give in to the worker's demands.
After two weeks on the run, the woman gave herself up to local police.
The politician's comments gave rise to fierce debate about capital punishment.
I have no idea why that woman is glaring at me.
The survivors of the shipwreck went through a terrible experience.
My company may go under if the recession doesn't end soon.
This coat is a little big for my son, but he will grow into it.
It took us several hours to hammer out all the details of the plan.
This clock has been handed down through my family for six generations.
You can earn a little extra money by handing out leaflets to pedestrians.
The hikers happened upon the mountain path quite by chance.
No one could believe that John had a hand in the robbery.
My future success hinges on how well I do in my exams.
When my dad found out I'd crashed his car, he hit the roof.
Instead of holding back frustrations and complaints, couples should have good arguments.
I think we should hold off signing the contract until we have more information.
The villagers held out against the invaders for as long as they could.
Union members voted to hold out for more money.
He immersed himself in his job in an attempt to forget his troubles.
This is the third time in a row you have been late!
Everyone was in favor of moving to new premises.
This is in no way an admittance of guilt.
I received several inquiries in response to my advertisement.
I need to get in shape before I go hiking in Peru.
In terms of reliability, this car is better than that one.
In the event of a tie, the prize money will be split.
You make some coffee. In the meantime I will clean up the house a bit.
I passed the book to Carol, and she in turn passed it to Richard.
We indulged in an ice-cream sundae with extra nuts.
The agreement is very near completion. Just a few more details need to be ironed out.
I'll read out the code and you jot it down.
I would jump at the chance to go on a study trip to Africa.
It's difficult to keep up with all the changes in technology recently.
After a couple of minutes, the painkillers began to kick in and my tooth stopped hurting.
He was kicked out of his last apartment for making too much noise.
She knocked off work early today.
The coach laughed off any rumor that he would lose his job.
The party leader launched into an attack on the government's policies.
The golf club laid down new membership rules.
The company was forced to lay off several workers due to the recession.
The police let the teenage car thief off with just a warning.
The negotiators didn't let up in their effort to secure a settlement.
Many elderly people are unable to live off just their pensions.
He found it hard to live up to his parent's expectations.
Look out for cars when you cross the street!
It's easy to lose sight of your hopes and dreams as you get older.
The robbers made away with over 10 million dollars.
I can't afford to buy you a new bike, so try to make do with your old one.
Since I lost my job, I'm struggling to make ends meet.
The mountaineers made for base camp when it started to snow heavily.
We have to leave now if we want to make it to the play on time.
The phone line was very bad and I couldn't make out what he said.
She made up for her earlier mistake by working hard.
The committee is in a meeting, mapping out the new company policy.
All these goods have been marked down by up to 50%.
It is difficult for young actors to measure up to their famous parents.
He missed out on winning the gold medal by 0.1 seconds.
My husband and I have decided to move in with my mother-in-law.
The judges narrowed down the contestants to six finalists.
It was nothing more than a simple misunderstanding, really.
We consider applications for welfare on an individual basis.
On behalf of my husband and myself I would like to welcome you all to this party.
This old television is on the blink again.
Doctors can now perform blood tests on the spot.
I am on the verge of quitting my job.
You can opt out of receiving our newsletter by sending us an email.
What kind of hotel did you opt for in the end?
I packed away my summer clothes in the attic.
Your mother looks so young. She could pass for your sister!
The terrorist passed himself off as a police officer.
Could you pass my message on to Mr. Smith, please?
It was hot and crowded on the train and I almost passed out.
She was very upset when she was passed over for promotion a second time.
He passed up the chance of promotion because it would mean working longer hours.
It took me three years to pay off my car loan.
The phone company has decided to phase out these telephone cards.
I have no idea why the other kids are always picking on John.
Could you pick up a few groceries on your way home?
Everyone pitched in to help with the neighborhood festival.
I knew that Santa Claus wasn't real, but I played along for my parents' sake.
Both leaders played down the problems between their countries.
Newspapers tend to play up unusual stories.
He polished off the leftover curry.
The rain poured down all day yesterday.
The citizens group pressed for changes to the country's divorce laws.
I pulled my car over to the side of the road to make a telephone call.
Even the doctors were surprised when she pulled through the operation.
The taxi pulled up in front of my house.
We plan to push on to the summit in the morning.
Hold on a moment. I'll put you through to his secretary.
Can I put down 100 dollars today and then pay you the rest later?
I put forward several proposals at the meeting yesterday.
How can you put up with all that noise?
I racked up 50 hours of overtime last month.
His business is doing well and he is raking in the cash.
The social worker tried to reach out to the troubled young man.
This job is open to all applicants regardless of age or gender.
He soon gave up his diet and reverted to his old eating habits.
I found out later I was ripped off by the salesman and paid too much for the car.
I tried hard to rise above the prejudices of other people.
We rounded off the evening by having a final drink in the local pub.
It took the teacher a while to round up the children and get them to the school bus.
We rounded out our vacation with a trip to the theater.
I know you are a better tennis player than I am. There's no need to rub it in!
The Prime Minister hasn't ruled out the possibility of military action.
He was run down by a white car outside his office.
Would you mind running off a copy of this report for me?
The meeting began with the chairman running through the agenda items.
He sailed through his final exams.
Could you scratch out my name on that mailing list, please?
Opposition politicians were quick to seize on the opportunity offered by the President's mistake.
The respected actor was accused of having sold out when he agreed to appear on the trashy TV show.
We plan to set off for the beach early in the morning.
I settled down by the fire with a cup of tea and a good book.
She is a perfectionist and won't settle for second best.
I am having trouble shaking off this cold.
We have brought in a new manager to try and shake up the business.
The board of directors shot down every one of my proposals.
I told the man who was bothering me to shove off.
The child tried to show off by singing loudly.
This is the second time he hasn't shown up for work this week.
The school was shut in by a chain-link fence.
I signed up for the college rugby team.
John was singled out for promotion due to his outstanding sales record.
Are you really going to just sit back and let me do everything?
I asked him if I could sit in on the management meeting.
After sizing up the situation we decided on a new course of strategy.
Could you please stop skirting around the issue and come to the point?
If you want to slip away before the end of the lecture, that's OK by me.
During their casual conversation, it slipped out that she would be quitting soon.
After the argument it took a while to smooth things out between them.
Do I really need to spell out the problem to you?
The film studio spun off several products related to the movie.
She decided to stand by her husband even after he was accused of fraud.
Being so tall, he stands out in a crowd.
All her problems stem from a lack of self-confidence.
The Prime Minister decided to step down after 12 years in office.
If you stick around until my shift finishes, I will buy you a coffee.
It is important to stick to one's principles.
Thank you for sticking up for me like that!
I think we should stick with this business plan.
She is always trying to stir up trouble between her coworkers.
I plan to stop over in Amsterdam on my way back to Japan.
He strove to become a world-class heart surgeon.
The accused man's wife stuck by him all through his trial.
Before we discuss anything else, let me just sum up the main points so far.
Why don't you take in a show while you're in Las Vegas?
I am nervous about taking on such a big project.
The new supervisor will take over responsibilities for the office from next week.
He took up golf after he retired.
You take after your father in that you are both very stubborn.
The salesman talked up the new computer.
The old school building is due to be torn down this month.
I tore up the old documents before throwing them in the bin.
The teacher told off the students for talking in class.
I know what I did was wrong but please don't tell on me.
Did you propose to your wife or was it the other way around?
I had trouble throwing off my cold.
Security was tightened up before the meeting of global leaders.
Someone tipped off the police about the kidnapping plot.
We would like you to tone down your comments so as not to offend anyone.
I tossed out a number of old magazines yesterday.
The dean touched on the subject of exam results in the morning meeting.
The police are trying to track down the owner of the white van involved in the accident.
I hear he has a lot of money tucked away somewhere.
The protesters were turned away by the security staff.
I am really tired. I think I will turn in for the night.
A lot of people turned out to support the presidential candidate.
I turned to my homeroom teacher for advice.
I turned over her proposal in my mind.
Some of the stronger language in the book was watered down by the editors.
The effects of the painkillers began to wear off after an hour.
Listening to her lecture for two hours totally wore me out.
We will have to weed out some of the weaker players on the team if we want to succeed.
I finally managed to win over the board of directors to my point of view.
A mystery virus wiped out almost all the chickens in the area.
Negotiators are hoping to work out a peaceful settlement to the issue.
We hope to wrap up this business deal in a few days.
All the equipment used in schools needs to comply with safety regulations.
His lavish lifestyle is eating up his savings.
We need a second strategy to fall back on just in case this one fails.
You are required to pay for any damage in accordance with the rental contract.
