index of p1qe
The president released his budget proposal last week.
The number of smokers in the country is steadily declining.
The records indicate that this building was once used for religious events.
Local residents meet up once a month to discuss various topics.
This is a complicated issue, and it will likely take years to solve.
We use chemicals to kill bugs.
The president ignored the reporter's question.
PCs are getting easier to use. Furthermore, they're getting cheaper.
They couldn't identify any potential problems in the project.
The government introduced several measures to cut power consumption.
Recent studies have revealed that ultraviolet rays can cause eye problems.
Their discussion generated several new ideas.
This species will disappear unless we protect it.
The law bans people from smoking in public places.
We should lower our consumption of fossil fuels.
He has a bad cold. Nevertheless, he doesn't stop smoking.
They are trying to eliminate the sources of pollution.
He plans to attend some seminars associated with international politics.
Read carefully before you sign the contract.
She eventually found a new job.
We need to find a way to reduce expenses by 30 percent.
Scientists are looking for alternative sources of energy.
The politician accepted illegal campaign contributions.
The study confirms that the drug is effective against muscle pain.
He decided not to renew the contract.
The earthquake victims were provided with adequate food.
It's impossible to predict the future.
They looked for slow-moving currents so they could fish.
That country is a threat to its neighbors.
You can restrict illegal accesses from overseas in this way.
He visits his dentist regularly.
Public transportation in the city is efficient and easy to use.
The Internet enables you to get information easily.
He was convinced that what Mr. Hayashi said was true.
Small changes in lifestyle can influence overall health and well-being.
This regulation will put local governments in a difficult financial situation.
The government needs to address the issue of youth poverty.
Over 3,000 people attended last week's conference.
The local residents tried to preserve the historic site.
They have the right to enforce the contract.
The flood caused widespread damage to the country.
The giant pandas' habitat was seriously damaged by the forest fire.
The situation is even worsen than was previously thought.
The principal is struggling to solve some of his school's problems.
The country adopted a new voting system.
The doctor gave me detailed instructions on how to take the medicine.
Please note this building is private property and is not open to the public.
Japan is poor in natural resources.
The finance minister is optimistic about the future of his country's economy.
We should consume a variety of vegetables on a daily basis.
What is the most efficient way to do this job?
This equipment should not be exposed to direct sunlight.
Their support ensured that our project would be a success.
This airport needs to be expanded.
He sent applications to ten companies.
He will present the main findings of his research.
Our city has a lot of sports facilities.
This option will be the best in the long run.
It is illegal to live here, as this is a commercial property.
Mother Teresa had a big impact on my life.
They have raised funds for the project.
Arctic warming threatens polar bears.
Excessive consumption of alcohol has harmful effects on our health.
I've started taking a new allergy medication.
This cloth absorbs water well.
The hikers used a cave for shelter during the storm.
Increasing pollution poses a threat to the health of all residents.
Lack of money was a major obstacle to the project.
They invest a lot of money in developing high-quality products.
They are cultivating the land to grow organic products.
This was a common practice in ancient times.
We must conduct a thorough survey of the area before construction begins.
The company faced significant financial challenges in its early years.
The article included explicit references to the singer's life.
The company's business activities are thriving in Southeast Asia.
She emphasized the importance of education.
This would be a good opportunity to enhance the company's image.
A delay can lead to serious consequences.
My driver's license expires in three months.
We had a relatively warm winter this year.
Many scientists believe that birds evolved from dinosaurs.
The tension between the two countries turned into an armed conflict.
Wildlife is abundant in this region.
The family structure has changed dramatically over the last few decades.
He paid a fine because his credit card bill was overdue.
High operating cost is the major drawback of this machine.
His company specializes in breeding race horses.
These items are very fragile.
She performed the difficult job well and got a promotion.
He donated some money to UNICEF.
After getting married, he was more motivated to get a good job.
All applications must be submitted by April 2.
Children are quick to adapt to new surroundings.
I have many kind colleagues in my office.
The survey results demonstrate that more and more kids own cell phones.
They had the opportunity to interact with students from other cultures.
This medicine is effective in reducing fevers.
I didn't recognize him at first because he'd shaved his beard.
Solar cells convert sunlight into energy.
The doctor identified the cause of pain.
The company upgraded its equipment to provide better customer service.
Due to the production delay, the date of delivery was rescheduled.
The professor is dedicated to his research.
They raised their retail prices to offset higher material costs.
Critics praised her for her exceptional performance.
The new logo will be officially unveiled tomorrow.
The bird has no predators on the island.
The amusement park draws a lot of people from the surrounding area.
She was reluctant to give an answer.
The structure remained intact for over 100 years.
He registered for a free blog.
Both countries hope to establish stable relations.
Shoes are sold at attractive prices in that store.
In that country, the sale of cigarettes to minors is prohibited.
He was granted permission to enter the country.
To be a member of this club, you have to meet all the requirements.
A tax increase may hurt the domestic economy.
The business partners worked hard to reconcile their differences.
Change into appropriate clothing for outdoor activities.
Car insurance is more expensive for young, inexperienced drivers.
At that time there was much prejudice against women writers.
He enlisted the help of friends when setting up his business.
She quit after getting into an argument with her boss.
I accidentally left all of my gym stuff at the office.
Mary is responsible for maintaining relationships with our clients overseas.
After college, he got a job at a famous accounting firm.
There used to be a scarcity of water in that area.
The ad claimed that the pill resulted in weight loss, but she was skeptical.
There is a lot of traffic congestion in this city.
The virus has already infected thousands of people in the area.
The country is in a perilous political situation.
The senator denied taking bribes.
Other companies were quick to imitate this product.
This curriculum is not enough to improve students' literacy.
We will confine our discussion to this issue.
The robbers took hostages and barricaded themselves inside the bank.
Film camera became obsolete due to the spread of digital cameras.
Everyone assumed that he would win the race.
For a few seconds, she was too stunned to say anything.
I had to take a detour because of a traffic accident.
We received a revised itinerary from the travel agency.
She found the coat so irresistible that she bought it immediately.
This cancer treatment has a 40% success rate.
His extravagant spending habits caused him to get into debt.
The weather forecast is updated three times a day.
The lecturer clarified many points during a question and answer session.
The game was transmitted live via satellite.
His remarks provoked a strong reaction from other members.
Ironically, it began to clear up as soon as the game was called off.
Using this card, you can make a deposit to your account at any time.
The shortage of food led to several other problems.
He entered a university at the tender age of 16.
She turned 20, thereby gaining the right to drink beer.
The patient was diagnosed as having the flu.
We will resume the conference at 3:00 p.m.
The police officer has been suspended from duty while inquiries continue.
The new measure helped boost local economies.
He is a good goalkeeper and very reliable.
Many soldiers died in combat.
The nation's economy is strictly regulated by the government.
Try that restaurant and I guarantee you will be satisfied.
The doctor recommended psychological therapy to him.
The hotel is in a prime location near many shops and restaurants.
They had to obtain special permits for the construction project.
All new employees must attend the training session.
She is clumsy with her hands.
Habitual liars tend to be despised by those around them.
There are many corrupt politicians in the country.
Those without relevant experience can also apply to this position.
This film far surpasses the original novel.
The building is new, so there are still several vacant apartments.
Permission to enter the laboratory will be given only in special circumstances.
Participation in this training program is optional.
We gathered some edible wild plants.
This region is suffering from its worst drought in history.
He attempted to settle the dispute between the two countries.
The doctor assured her that the damage was not permanent.
They analyzed the test results.
I grew up in a small, tranquil village.
The chairperson dismissed the proposal as meaningless.
The painter has had a fascination with insects since his childhood.
The mountain gorilla is listed as an endangered species.
He rushed to the station and barely caught the last train.
The positive feed back boosted her confidence.
The blaze was so fierce that firefighters were unable to enter the building.
All new buildings in the area must be resistant to earthquakes.
The art program was canceled due to the reduction of the school's budget.
The pace of globalization continues to accelerate.
Some medicines may interfere with the body's ability to regulate temperature.
His left arm swelled after the accident.
Just a reminder that next week we will have our meeting on Wednesday.
I was diagnosed as having sick building syndrome.
These plants can grow in hostile environments.
The psychologist conducted an experiment which had been prohibited.
She has expertise in marketing.
It will take roughly ten hours to reach our destination.
This application tracks all of my financial transactions.
This meeting room can accommodate up to 200 people.
The trees were killed by an invasion of non-native species.
The old building collapsed during the earthquake.
Welfare reform was the most controversial political issue then.
This type of technology is beginning to show its limitations.
Everyone was surprised at her radical proposal.
It is extremely important that the packages are all properly labeled.
The mayor's action was a clear violation of the law.
In the end, I had to resort to a lawsuit.
The high temperature caused a drop in crop yields.
I had an elevator installed in my house.
They are seeking ways to reduce the budget deficit.
Population density varies depending on the place.
They monitored the situation in the area.
We need to evaluate whether this method is the best.
You can adjust the room temperature and humidity.
A high fever is a typical symptom of influenza.
The ancient people used salt to preserve their meat.
The film has attracted criticism for its violence.
The museum features various artifacts from ancient Greece.
Scientists are currently doing research to test the validity of the results.
My boss rejected my proposal.
Generally speaking, rent is more expensive in urban areas.
The construction of the new stadium will begin next month.
I learned to view things from a different perspective.
Financial experts have yet to find a solution to this economic problem.
All the candidates will participate in the debate.
The mayor thought up a strategy to revive the local economy.
They recruited subjects for the experiment.
Every high school in this city introduced a semester system.
Her deceased father left a large sum of money to her.
His company went bankrupt two months ago.
The country's trade surplus is swelling.
He alternated between feeling anxious and excited about the speech contest.
There is a large amount of dust floating in the Earth's atmosphere.
The city council agreed to lease the building to a community group.
Global warming could have disastrous consequences for the whole world.
He abandoned his career to pursue his singing dream.
The famous writer suffered from depression later in life.
She is always considerate of her family.
My memory of that day is still vivid.
The Central Bank shifted its focus to boost inflation.
Nature is complex, and most of it is still a mystery to us.
Please notify us in advance if you need to cancel your appointment.
The wooden bridge has totally decayed.
About a third of U.S. states have abolished the death penalty.
Education is mandatory for nine years in Japan.
I felt my car swaying from side to side.
They are carrying out trials of a new voting system.
Living things are made up of cells.
I'm trying to refine my public speaking skills.
She left the city to live in a rural area.
Laura has a strong desire to pursue a career in publishing.
What was the outcome of the game?
The restaurant serves tasty and nutritious meals.
It is hard to imagine that area was once a barren desert.
Don't touch electrical appliances with wet hands.
The new technology has enabled breakthroughs in medicine.
We have to reduce the emissions of hazardous chemicals.
I had to wait 30 minutes to speak with a customer service representative.
They strongly opposed the building of the dam.
She found the astronaut's talk very informative.
They discarded the old sofa when moving to their new house.
The school classes were closed due to the flu epidemic.
The athlete has denied the accusations that he used the drug.
There was a riot after the soccer game.
It's almost time to harvest the corn.
Promotion is based on merit, not on seniority.
He finally conceded he was wrong about that.
Choosing which employee to fire was a major dilemma for him.
The president promised to tackle several tough issues.
He sacrificed his weekends for work to make the project a success.
College admission procedures are somewhat complicated.
His voice is almost identical to his father's.
Please contact me for shipping inquiries.
The company is recruiting talented people for its business expansion.
Repair costs are likely to exceed $300.
She seized the opportunity to volunteer in South America.
Mt. Fuji was registered as a World Heritage Site in 2013.
The emission of greenhouse gases is a serious problem.
The company needs to alter its business model.
The witness testified that she saw the defendant running out of the shop.
The coupon gives customers the incentive to buy.
His achievements are remarkable compared with those of his colleagues.
What brand of shoes are you wearing?
Japan is no longer a secure country.
That country has long resisted opening up its markets.
The commission has appointed three new members.
She overcame her eating disorder.
The theory of evolution is fundamental to biology.
Your story inspired me to take responsibility for my own life.
The prime minister formed a coalition government.
She wants to acquire basic computer skills.
This chapter discusses the chemical components of foods.
We train our staff to be ready for emergencies.
The company acknowledged making illegal payments to a lawmaker.
I went to the doctor yesterday for my annual checkup.
I can't recall the name of the restaurant, but it was right in front of the station.
This treatment is only effective for a specific type of cancer.
Some executives refused to attend the meeting.
There is no conclusive evidence that the theory is wrong.
Some marine animals navigate over long distances.
Please heed warning signs.
The Earth's axis is an imaginary line between the North and South poles.
She remained composed throughout the conversation.
Salt acts as a natural preservative.
The food manufacturer attempted to conceal the fact.
The scientist's theory turned out to be inaccurate.
Ms. Hill made an eloquent speech.
I had to quit my job because of an unexpected illness.
Ancient Egyptian civilization is said to have lasted about 3,000 years.
These foods are appropriate for those who have problems with digestion.
She is distorting the truth completely.
We are raising a wide variety of livestock.
You need to inject insulin four times a day.
They were very distressed to hear of the sudden death of their teacher.
The place is an ideal venue for the summit.
Good business leaders tend to have a sense of urgency.
The food in the new restaurant was mediocre.
There are not many alterations to the new version of the book.
All applicants need to complete the online form.
He sometimes strolls around his neighborhood.
We are running out of fossil fuels such as coal and oil.
I'm deeply indebted to Ms. Miller for her valuable advice.
The war halted the economic growth of the country.
My dentist is very friendly and competent.
He said that moving to Hawaii was a spontaneous decision.
An innocent bystander was killed during the bank robbery.
He made the decision after full consultation with his parents.
This shampoo is made from botanical ingredients.
They filed a petition to disclose the information.
The CEO's illegal activities were leaked to the press.
Sorry for the delay in replying, but things have been hectic.
He was a little socially awkward when he started college.
An unexploded bomb was unearthed at the construction site.
This period of economic prosperity cannot continue forever.
Residents were forced to evacuate their homes due to the hurricane.
There is a Latin inscription on the stone arch.
Hotels in the area are listed in this brochure.
Our airline does not have seat assignments.
The government is facing the challenge of solving agricultural problems.
This fruit resembles an orange in appearance.
She browsed through some magazines while waiting to see the doctor.
This hospital is subsidized by the city.
The accused was given a lenient sentence.
More and more people have relocated to Okinawa recently.
Students must conform to all school rules.
The earthquake devastated the area.
This contract is void without a signature.
The vast majority of Japanese companies are small or medium sized.
This aircraft has a capacity of 220 passengers.
Cindy cherishes her memories of him.
A drunken man was staggering along the sidewalk.
The clerk scanned the bar code on the bottle.
He is a promising young man with a bright future ahead of him.
Most people in this neighborhood are descendants of Japanese immigrants.
The boy became obsessed with video games.
The accused are presumed innocent until proven guilty.
The teacher always makes his lessons very enjoyable with his witty remarks.
We never use chemical fertilizers on our farm.
They are critical of American foreign policy.
The politician was prosecuted for taking bribes
The men had to work in fairly dismal conditions.
There are very few educational institutions in this region.
It is against the law to drive while intoxicated.
That area is a business district and is deserted on weekends.
She got her husband a subscription to a new car magazine for Christmas.
All the players looked dejected after they lost the match.
The criminal moved continuously to dodge police.
He got an injection for a contagious disease.
Teaching young children is a challenging but rewarding job.
This old house has been neglected for years.
Monthly members are exempt from paying the admission fee.
The university conferred an honorary degree on the author.
The little girl clutched her father's hand tightly.
Judo originated in Japan in the late 19th century.
Please don't dictate what I do.
Their company manufactures auto parts.
I'm suspicious of that man.
They tried to envision the future of their community.
The university has applied for a patent for the invention.
Corals are marine organisms that live in shallow seas.
This report is based on data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
Today, many people keep exotic animals as pets.
For this project, he worked alongside a team of scientific experts.
The president has promised the withdrawal of troops from the country.
He is overseeing the development of a new security program.
The flowers in this vase are artificial.
The lake's water level has gradually diminished.
The cafe is close to a residential area.
A sudden wind scattered the pile of papers on the table.
She is administering the development of the project.
This bed is designed to reduce the physical strain of patients.
This software facilitates detailed analysis of data.
The fund is for students with limited finances.
Hideo didn't detect her embarrassment.
Next week, we will initiate the second phase of the plan.
This process cannot be reversed once it has started.
They have to spend another harsh winter in temporary shelters.
It is difficult to integrate new software into a system this complicated.
The three parties made an alliance to form a coalition government.
The defendant's lawyer was highly skilled.
The project is going well. Nonetheless, we should pay careful attention.
He persuaded his son to stay home.
The country's economy is undergoing massive changes.
The new cell phone model has a sophisticated design.
Schools have an obligation to provide each student with an education.
I interpreted her silence as criticism.
Patients are most vulnerable to infection just after surgery.
This language is spoken by only a segment of the country's population.
Sunshine plays a vital role in our lives.
The most prominent feature of the cartoon character is its eyes.
He thinks that these statistics are reliable.
My computer is infected with a virus.
She assured her boss that she would finish the report later this week.
This is the difference between the conventional system and the new one.
She tried to negotiate a pay raise with the manager.
It was apparent from his face that he was not happy with the decision.
He has an international reputation as a pianist.
The company has been receiving some complaints about this new product.
There was little prospect of success.
Active participation in class discussions is encouraged.
He would be a worthy opponent for the champion.
The company took immediate action to protect its customers' data.
Cook the meat for five minutes, then add the remaining ingredients.
The man was found guilty of murder.
The drug was approved after a series of tests.
The students will be assessed through written examinations.
These two species have very similar biological characteristics.
The book series has gained enormous popularity.
Several people witnessed the accident.
The author cited Paris as his favorite city.
She owes a $1,000 debt to her friend.
My tuition is due tomorrow.
She is going to launch a new business.
One of the hotel's employees recommended a nearby restaurant.
The company's revenue is expected to increase this year.
Their team explored an island in the Pacific.
Please keep your seatbelts fastened for the duration of the ride.
The restaurant serves authentic Greek cuisine.
Eating too many fatty foods can lead to obesity.
He is collaborating with the other members in developing a new product.
I haven't practiced for a few years, so my German is a bit rusty.
He disgraced his family with his illegal activities.
Cutting onions with a blunt knife makes you cry.
As a boy, he aspired to become a professional baseball player.
Making an accurate analysis is problematic with so little data.
That company has made some dubious business deals.
My company extracts oil from lavender plants.
The result of that experiment was discouraging.
The offer was tempting, but he decided to keep his current job.
The two employees seem to have a lot of hostility for one another.
The facility has a device that simulates conditions in space.
This traveling bag is made of durable materials.
Some of us will lose our jobs if we don't meet our sales quota.
Our offices will be closed on Monday in observance of Christmas.
They have conflicting viewpoints on a member of issues.
This new material can withstand extremely high temperatures.
The manager is highly esteemed for his personality and work ethic.
Being selective about which college you will attend is important.
Two dogs herd sheep on this farm.
Support for the politician eroded due to the scandal.
The faulty products cost the company a lot of money.
The other children teased her because she wore glasses.
She saw a likeness between the two boys.
Our current system for communication between departments is inefficient.
Our house has a spacious living room.
This device filters harmful substances from the expelled air.
The population of elephants is decreasing due to poaching.
Participation in this class is compulsory for all students.
This novel is set on a fictitious island in the Pacific.
He is well qualified to give a lecture on Buddhist art.
She was wearing a daring dress, showing a lot of skin.
High salt intake causes high blood pressure.
Hitting the wall left a large dent in his car.
The shop sells flowers at wholesale prices.
Some people don't like this cheese because of its strong odor.
The great performances of the actors redeem the flaws in the story.
She is currently responsible for the recruitment of new staff.
The man has remained in detention since his arrest.
We took a walk along the serene beach.
She accidentally deleted the document from her computer.
E-mail was a novelty at that time.
This is her third time winning this prestigious award.
About one in ten of them are illiterate.
The kitchen was littered with dirty dishes.
We had a vigorous debate on the issue.
There were some complications during the negotiation process.
He published his memoirs after his retirement from politics.
These tablets make you feel drowsy.
The rope went slack after a short time.
The tuition of colleges in the country is rising rapidly.
This temple has been designated a World Heritage Site.
The project was doomed to failure even before it began.
The two companies announced merger plants.
The president sent the army to suppress the revolt.
He immigrated to Canada from Ireland at the age of 18.
Applicants must submit a document certifying their knowledge of Korean.
She started commuting to work by bike.
They are trying to lessen the environmental impact of their products.
The man's behavior raised the suspicion of the officers.
Last week there was a burglary in the neighborhood.
There are inherent risks in this type of investment.
The company ignored their pleas to stop the plant's construction.
There was no compelling evidence to support the man's claims.
The spacecraft was put into orbit around the moon.
The automaker has greatly improved its productivity.
We must teach our children about the hazards of drugs and alcohol.
He is a very articulate speaker.
You should contemplate your future.
Due to the drug's lack of availability, it is very expensive.
Her main objection is that the system is not fair to women.
The students are given a lot of autonomy for their own learning.
Local residents are shocked by the brutal murder.
He had the integrity to refuse the illegal offer.
The use of flash photography is strictly forbidden as it upsets the animals.
I resisted an impulse to hit him in the face.
The teacher has no tolerance for late assignments.
Please be careful to avoid disturbing other guests.
There is a large migration of ducks to this area every winter.
This tax cut has greatly stimulated the economy.
The illegal trade was uncovered by the police investigation.
Experienced employees are more valuable to companies.
The manager made some costly mistakes, and she was fired as a result.
He is a promising enterepreneur.
This large tree was a casualty of the storm's high winds.
He is said to have been a party to the conspiracy.
You should have a flexible schedule.
About 5% of people are immune to this disease.
His ancestors came from a small village in Italy.
He was a former inmate of the concentration camp.
The material gives off toxic fumes when it burns.
The case is closed, but the investigator's quest for the truth still continues.
It took months for the two parties to reach an accord.
The people of ancient Egypt considered their rulers to be divine.
Their partnership was only based on verbal agreement.
We need to reduce excess inventory.
She'd like to enroll in a ballet school.
I have been in pretty decent shape for ten years.
She implied that she might be looking for a new job.
This tower is made of beautifully carved stones.
You should drink fluids regularly during exercise.
She was unable to convey her true feelings about the matter.
His campaign promises were just political rhetoric.
This river marks the boundary between Spain and Portugal.
Genetic material was once considered to be protein.
The racist policy triggered the riot.
The committee approved the proposed amendments to the rules.
Technological innovation has played a key role in economic growth.
Apparently his motive had something to do with money.
The movies are targeting a mainstream audience.
This study shows a correlation between smoking and lung cancer.
There is a subtle difference between the two products.
She spent most of her adolescent years abroad.
The people portrayed on Japanese bills are historical figures.
He shrugged his shoulders and said he didn't know.
The country is still suffering from the legacy of the war.
The manager prompted him to review his proposal.
Our company lacks sufficient funds to purchase the land.
He is going to get a divorce.
His action could constitute a criminal offense.
She has extensive knowledge of Japanese literature.
This event aims to raise awareness of environmental issues.
The family has encountered a number of difficulties.
One of the drug's side effect is fatigue.
I've just completed the first draft.
She worked for one of the largest corporations in the world.
It is not easy to get the right ingredients for Thai food around here.
Applicants must meet all of the criteria listed below.
In his speech, he avoided politically sensitive topics.
Most schools embraced the new policy.
The government confronted the financial problem.
She suffered intense back pain.
The writer lost a portion of his manuscript.
This is the federal government's official website.
With computer programs, even a minute error can cause major problems.
Not all companies offer maternity leave.
Without plants, those animals would starve to death.
The manager gave a tedious speech about various rules in the office.
She does clerical work for a local dental office.
He is very resentful of other people's success.
The teacher didn't know how to handle the student's disruptive behavior.
The fish sizzled when she dropped it into the pan.
The eagle appears in a large amount of Native American folklore.
He dreaded going back to work after his vacation.
One goal of a society is the peaceful interaction among people.
Several people in the office are competing for the new position.
The president declared that he was willing to meet for peace negotiations.
My wife is always grumbling about something.
I think you research efforts are truly commendable.
The city is notorious for its traffic jams.
She didn't know how to interpret his ambiguous words.
His teaching method is unorthodox, but it's also very effective.
She was excited to see her name on the roster of players.
He mentioned the members' valuable contributions to the project.
The red flowers contrast beautifully with the green leaves.
The musician appreciated the constant support of his fans.
That noisy dog is a great annoyance to me.
The government announced it had abolished censorship of the media.
If you leave that bread out, it will go stale.
Her voice was barely audible above the sound of the rain.
The girl's anonymity was protected during the trial.
This car is equipped with a hybrid gasoline-electric engine.
The workers were severely oppressed.
Several police cars converged on the scene of the crime.
She felt a kinship with the heroine of the film.
I will be away on business for the remainder of the week.
There was widespread discontent among the staff about low wages.
She is still lamenting her misfortune.
She was arrested and interrogated by the police for hours.
Cassette tapes are an outdated technology.
She is a shrewd politician who knows how to deal with the media.
The impact of the crash shattered the windshield.
The release of the new book has led to a resurgence in the author's popularity.
It is illegal to discriminate against anyone because of their gender.
This herb can degrade a specific poison.
He couldn't concentrate because of the sound of his coworkers' chatter.
She gave her brother a box of assorted chocolates for his birthday.
I'm currently having my bathroom remodeled.
The flood was a serious calamity for local farmers.
They enjoyed an amicable relationship even after their divorce.
Volunteers are assisting with the evacuation of people from the area.
He waved his arm in a wide arc.
The angry man was escorted away by a group of police officers.
Her nephew screamed with laughter as she tickled him.
It is no exaggeration to say that this movie changed my life.
The company reaped significant profits from the investments.
The party was a catastrophe, most guests were late, and the food was awful.
He is a good employee, but sometimes he exerts himself too much.
My brother works for a charitable organization.
His latest work is a biographical novel about the life of Picasso.
This type of manual labor is exhausting.
He was surprised to hear her sobs from the other room.
There are a lot of proponents of this theory.
The vegetation types vary from region to region.
He is mischievous boy and often causes small problems at school.
People in the village were displaced due to the development project.
The actor wrote an autobiography after retiring from film.
He won a decisive victory in the election.
His company has entered into a binding contract with the group.
The lack of data precluded us from performing an appropriate analysis.
The bus driver made an announcement, but it was barely intelligible.
They raised money to renovate the historic buildings in the city.
They had a match against a formidable opponent.
The whole world mourned the death of the great singer.
It was very gracious of them to give us a place to stay for the weekend.
The doctor told her to abstain from eating the night before the operation.
He told us some anecdotes about his experiences as a photographer.
The loss of their father was a difficult ordeal for the children.
The university's enrollment increases almost every year.
The terrorist plot was foiled at the last minute.
These two routes are parallel to one another.
After the revolution, there was complete anarchy throughout the country.
It was painful, but the pain was tolerable.
She was commended for her volunteer efforts in the community.
A flaw in the research method made the data invalid.
She made an impulsive decision to quit her job.
We will provide an intensive driving course.
There is no indisputable evidence against the accused.
This wildlife sanctuary is inhabited by a wild range of birds and animals.
The movie director is very touchy about criticism of his work.
The restaurant offers a wonderful fusion of French and Japanese cuisine.
The climbers completed their ascent of the mountain in two days.
Admittedly, the house is great, but it's too far from the station.
The funds will be used to endow the local museum.
The cell phone industry has matured in a short time.
He is trying to find another job because his boss is a real tyrant.
Many teenagers die every year because of reckless driving.
The new sculpture was found vandalized at the park.
It took him five days to recover from dehydration.
This window is designed to reduce the glare of the sun.
He woke up this morning to find himself feeling nauseous.
My father had a heart transplant.
The company's important documents are stored in its archives.
The sun's heat evaporates water from oceans, lakes, rivers, etc.
She always walks at a brisk pace.
He was convicted as a traitor and sentenced to death.
She scrubs the kitchen floor with a brush every Monday morning.
The company was privatized five years ago.
Those following this religion believe in the immortality of the soul.
After the scandal, several politicians came under scrutiny from the public.
Those countries are overly dependent on imported energy.
She handled all of the difficulties stoically.
He is well-known for his humanitarian efforts in poor countries.
She got a cramp in her side while running.
He called the police when he realized there were intruders in his house.
The storm made their treacherous climb even more dangerous.
At present, the economic outlook is bleak.
The timid boy looked at the ground and said nothing.
He found his daughter's decision totally incomprehensible.
The politician used deception in order to gather supporters.
This tiger is tame and presents no danger to people.
The salesperson seemed nervous, which aroused the client's suspicion.
The archaeologists discovered a complete dinosaur skeleton in a cave.
His death was the most traumatic event in my life.
She graduated with a master's degree in botany.
We help each other with daily chores.
Some people believe in supernatural powers such as telepathy.
The teacher was tired of his continual disobedience in the classroom.
A few thousand people were mobilized for military duty.
The two companies hired a mediator to help settle the issue.
The museum will hold an exhibition of modern Japanese pottery.
Sharing the details of the job with a third party is a breach of contract.
She paid for the furniture in monthly installments.
He synchronized all of his watches.
He is reading an abridged version of the classic.
All rooms have basic amenities such as air-conditioning and TV.
The man disguised his true identity.
Walking is beneficial to your health.
Very few patients who are afflicted with this type of cancer survive.
He forgot to turn off the tap and unwittingly flooded the floor.
His coworkers felt that he had betrayed them by switching companies.
The defendant made contradictory statements.
Our success is all thanks to our diligent employees.
The government should make health care reform more transparent.
She is a very pious woman, who attends church every week.
This improvement is the result of great ingenuity.
The wreck of the Titanic was found decades after it sank.
The government has said that it will not be intimidated by terrorists.
He refused to transfer to Tokyo because he did not want to uproot his family.
Heavy snow caused significant disruption to the rail network.
The police suspect that the man committed the murder.
The city was liberated from enemy rule by the army.
She loathes the flavor of pumpkins.
It was overcast this morning, but it's sunny now.
He was given a demotion due to his poor performance.
Owls capture bigger prey like rats, rabbits and squirrels.
New political challenges emerged after the reform.
Thank you for your order. A confirmation e-mail has been sent to you.
Don't gulp your food and chew thoroughly before swallowing.
She stood abruptly and left the room.
I was awoken by an insistent knocking.
They wore masks as a precaution against the flu.
It is never too late to find your vocation.
Material wealth is not the only yardstick for success.
Apparently, she turned down the job offer.
After the area was industrialized, the population increased dramatically.
He later regretted making such a rash decision.
She yearned to see her family again.
The museum had financial problems because of a shortfall in donations.
The police force was not prepared to respond to simultaneous attacks.
The coffee plantation was hit by a typhoon.
Swiss watches are known for their precision.
Alcohol impairs our ability to make quick decisions.
The belief that shooting stars bring good luck is just a superstition.
I was too weary to walk another step.
The mayor was criticized for his reluctance to support the project.
Teamwork will be integral to winning this game.
The lake was enveloped in mist.
The teacher couldn't control the children's hysterical laughter.
Information about the group is scanty at the moment.
Sometimes dolphins get entangled in the fishing nets.
The opening of this plant is a milestone in our company's history.
The dog got sick from eating rotten meat.
They were forced to live in the most wretched conditions.
I applaud your efforts to improve educational quality.
It's better to break up with her now than to prolong an unhealthy relationship.
The goal of this park is to provide a safe haven for local wildlife.
The situation is worsening each day.
His parents gave him an 11 o'clock curfew in high school.
Please verify that your name and e-mail address are correct.
The travelers received wonderful hospitality everywhere they went.
We don't fully understand how the plant reproduces.
The heat is oppressive here in the summer.
The founder of that company was a man of foresight and courage.
My brother is very outgoing and makes friends easily.
If this section is not applicable to you, please proceed to the following section.
He professed his love for the woman.
It is debatable whether this is the best solution.
Her bag was so bulky that it was difficult to carry.
He failed to fulfill his contractual obligations.
This test providers an objective assessment of students' abilities.
His argument was logical and coherent.
He was defeated by his longtime political foe in the election.
The documents are filed in chronological order.
Please submit payment within seven days of receiving this invoice.
She found that some flowers in the garden had withered.
It was later revealed that the journalist had fabricated the entire story.
She never wavered in her opposition to the war.
He worked as an apprentice to a pastry chef.
It is his responsibility to supervise the project.
The stingy business owner never gives his employees raises.
We recommend a healthy diet that incorporates lots of fruits and vegetables.
The team's pitcher was nominated for player of the year.
His dream was to become a park ranger in the forests of Alaska.
This mark signifies that the food was grown organically.
He completed his novel while staying at a secluded cabin in the woods.
This new film consolidates his reputation as a great director.
Everyone was amazed at the rapidity of his recovery.
This old church is one of the remnants of World War Ⅱ.
During his speech, he read an excerpt from a well-known novel.
The transportation system in this area is very intricate.
This technology could herald a new era of clean energy.
The airplane was flying at an altitude of 5,000 feet.
They demanded the resignation of the prime minister.
The U.S. Navy imposed a blockade on that country's ports.
The final match coincided with my twentieth birthday.
There were some rabbits running around in the large enclosure.
Many streets in that area were filthy with litter.
This park abounds with rare species of birds.
The thought of starting her own business filled her with apprehension.
The humidity in this room is maintained at an appropriate level.
Computers have become an indispensable part of our lives.
The restaurant handed out coupons to lure new customers.
Fortunately, there were no fatalities in this incident.
The long distance between them did not hinder their love.
This country's news reports are heavily censored by the government.
The typhoon inflicted severe damage to the village.
The archaeologist discovered some relics of the Mayan civilization.
She remained resolute in her desire to move abroad.
Police are attempting to reconstruct the crime scene.
Birds often perch on the telephone wires outside of my house.
The doctor prescribed medicine for the girl's cold.
Most people's preconceived ideas about farming are incorrect.
The government decided to dispatch a medical team to the country.
It is hypocritical of self-described animal lovers to wear leather.
Lisa was intrigued by his unique opinion of the situation.
She straightened the crooked picture on the wall.
They were too preoccupied with work to pay attention to their children.
The company's dominance of the market soon faded.
The judge's decision will set a precedent for future cases.
Cows are grazing on the hill.
You must be a registered voter in order to circulate a formal petition.
The success of the charity is a testament to the power of Internet marketing.
Customer satisfaction should be our priority.
I will give you whatever assistance I can.
The city should allocate more funds for education.
The governments should not intervene in the economy.
Unfortunately, there is nothing we can do about this insoluble problem.
That improper remark discredited the mayor.
Proper administration of the hospital will lead to decreased costs.
He always says only red wine with meat, but I think that's just a generalization.
The lion caught and devoured its prey.
The boy was orphaned when his parents died in a car accident.
The opening of the mall had economic implications for the entire community.
The police finally overpowered the man and arrested him.
This weekend I'm going to trim the dead branches off these trees.
He was frustrated by his lack of progress.
Sparks flew at today's city council meeting.
The membership is valid for 12 months.
This wheelchair can be steered by brain waves.
We discussed the likelihood of life on Mars.
He achieved lasting fame as a novelist.
People all over the country watched the story unfold on the news.
The journalist has received fierce criticism.
He wiped the dishes and stacked them neatly.
The country proclaimed itself independent.
He soon changed his stance on the controversial issue.
This group supports disabled people.
Their organization has lobbied for changes to the current tax laws.
I do a light workout every other day.
We cannot enter the building unless we obtain consent from the owner.
This program aims to foster children's creativity.
We carried out the project at minimal cost.
The education budget in the country continues to shrink.
Most people cry when listening to her tragic story.
We have been intimate friends for over 20 years.
Parents tend to be too protective of their children.
The criminal took her son as a hostage.
A healthy diet can help to minimize the risk of heart disease.
The committee endorsed the proposals.
My grandmother lives on her pension.
Different people have different ways of relieving stress.
They came to form an exclusive community.
There are many reasons why children have behavioral problems.
This region has a large population of indigenous plants and animals.
He listed his possessions on a sheet of paper.
There are many countries which are suffering from poverty or recession.
Water is a simple compound made up of two basic elements.
Don't interrupt Grace while she is working.
This ritual has a strong religious meaning.
Thomas Edison invented the light bulb.
I have no clue as to who sent this letter.
The two companies started a joint venture.
The northern region of the country has a moderate climate.
The acids in our stomachs are necessary for digesting food.
This decline in stock prices is temporary.
Although he's an excellent piano player, he's very modest about his skills.
Only 25 percent of these cases have resulted in convictions.
The association has introduced new guidelines for food advertising.
They had plotted to rob the bank.
Human beings are still in the process of evolution.
He looked defensive when I asked him the question.
The film created considerable controversy.
Both countries agreed to sign the treaty.
He tried to justify what he did.
She took an advanced course in Spanish.
The purpose is to promote mutual understanding among the residents.
He claimed that he was innocent of the crime.
She has blonde hair, whereas her parents have brown hair.
This food is not suitable for infants under six months.
It's vital that we retain our technological edge.
The accident caused damage to his muscle tissues.
The testimony of the witness was later found to be false.
The restaurant's utility bills are very expensive.
He devoted a substantial amount of time to studying history.
The Agency for Cultural Affairs decided to restore the ancient murals.
Please read over your employment contract carefully before signing.
My dog is very aggressive towards strangers.
This model of refrigerator offers high quality at a reasonable price.
It is easy to teach dogs simple commands.
A major issue with world hunger is distribution of food to poor, rural areas.
This course takes approximately two hours to complete.
She has written numerous books on cooking.
Human settlement in the area dates back to 3000 B.C.
Local governments have to use the public assets effectively.
He is working on a study of immigrant workers.
There is a massive amount of information on the Internet.
An exhibition of contemporary art is being held at the museum.
This treatment is only effective during the initial stages of the disease.
I'll give you a few gardening tips.
His heart surgery was successful.
This vehicle can hold up to 20 gallons of fuel.
I guessed the meaning of the word by the context.
Many people were arrested for engaging in he protests.
You need to follow the procedures for registration.
We spotted our cat on the roof.
The politician lost his privileged status in the party.
That university requires a minimum of 120 credits to graduate.
Millions of people around the world do not have access to clean drinking water.
He says that he does not drink alcohol for religious reasons.
She had to pay a fine for the parking violation.
The computer was found to be defective.
This street intersects with the highway a few miles that way.
The room was fragrant with the scent of lilies.
Such wildlife cannot live in heavily populated area.
The door won't stay open because the hinge is broken.
Over half of our troop was lost in the battle.
The advantages of joining the treaty outweigh the disadvantages.
Please fill out the form with legible handwriting.
The situation remains chaotic.
They penetrated deep into enemy territory.
He was not very good at socializing.
The king aimed at the conquest of the world.
She loved the cozy living room.
I don't feel comfortable bargaining for cheaper prices.
The water was tainted with industrial waste.
Her performance was pathetic.
The white dress symbolized purity.
She plucked the flower and gave it to her mother.
Consumers are increasingly eager to conserve energy.
The plan is technically feasible.
Do you know any good home remedies for a headache?
The large statue if hollow inside.
That company outsources customer services overseas.
The bullet pierced his lung, and he had to undergo emergency surgery.
The thief vaulted over the guardrail and ran away.
She lived in a dreary little town.
It's a formal event, but that doesn't mean you have to be so uptight.
The trainer turned the vicious dog into a gentle pet.
She grew up in an affluent family.
The boy is always obedient to his parents.
He received a mortal wound to the head.
The giant snake swallowed its prey whole.
Her vibrant personality makes her popular at social gatherings.
The history of this area goes back millennia.
He led a rebellion against the political leader.
Her father forced her into an unwanted marriage.
A spine deformity prevented him from walking.
Sadly, the doctors were unable to revive the patient.
We urged him not to make hasty action.
This drug won't fix the problem, but it might make the pain bearable.
My mother became increasingly stubborn as she got older.
He retrieved the wallet he left on the train from the lost and found.
criminal demanded a ransom of ten million yen.
The late afternoon sun slanted through the window.
The eggs will hatch a few days from now.
I'm having my annual health checkup this Thursday.
There are many medieval castles in Europe.
The volcano has erupted twice this year.
Grandparents are often indulgent with their grandchildren.
The earth is one of the planets that revolve around the sun.
He bumped his head on the sign.
He always speaks in a monotonous voice.
This is just a tentative plan, so it might change later.
He alienated his coworkers with his arrogant attitude.
These companies merged to form a new electronics giant.
She wanted to buy one of the adorable puppies.
These vegetables have been genetically modified to resist disease.
he has an artistic temperament and is sensitive to the beauty of nature.
The group is complaining that the laws are biased towards men.
The breed of sheep is hardy and able to withstand harsh conditions.
It took a team of experts to decode the secret message.
The cave paintings have taught us a lot about primitive societies.
She got upset about something that is trivial.
Nancy was fooled by his cunning plan.
His sudden disappearance complicated things further.
This type of behavior is not appropriate in the workplace.
This book provides a clear and concise explanation of English grammar.
Job stress aggravated her disease.
The restaurant is located at the junction of the two main streets.
The old house seemed gloomy.
He stumbled on the step and fell.
Japanese emigration to Hawaii began more than 100 years ago.
Sherlock Holmes is one of the most famous fictional detectives.
It is naive to believe everything on the Internet.
He entrusted management of the company to his daughter.
This museum contains about 1,000 bird specimens.
The company was giving away complimentary water bottles.
Any damages will be deducted from your deposit.
He has total contempt for his former boss.
I will exterminate the cockroaches in my house.
This is a guide book on how to use pesticides safely.
She told her son to chew his food well so that he didn't choke.
The air in this region contains a lot of moisture.
You are not allowed to duplicate this CD.
They are the belongings of the previous inhabitant of this house.
He gave me a cynical smile.
This microscope can magnify objects up to a million times.
He consoled me with kind words.
The explosion was caused by the ignition of leaking gas.
This species of butterfly is threatened with extinction.
The breadth of the professor's knowledge is amazing.
The police quickly disarmed the man and arrested him.
The family put ornaments on their Christmas tree.
The country abolished the tariff on US beef.
This protective covering works as a shield against the hot sun.
He gave a crude estimate of the cost for the project.
This project is not economically viable.
He was summoned to appear in court.
She was forced to vacate her post because of the scandal.
The balloons deflated after a few days.
A lower birthrate could inhibit economic growth.
This part was designed to minimize engine friction.
The company quickly searched for a discreet way to handle the problem.
Gas and electricity usage is rationed to a few hours a day in that country.
We'll have to dismantle the engine in order to repair it.
The writing teacher pointed out several redundant phrases in his essay.
The waste coming from the factory polluted the nearby lake.
This cloth is very hard and coarse.
He soaked his sprained ankle in ice water.
They are under the surveillance of the authorities.
They slowly followed the retreating enemy.
Ancient bone fragments have been discovered in that cave.
The dam is being considered for removal.
This is the process of analog to digital conversion.
The hurricane took a toll on the country.
GDP growth was revised upward.
Oil became a more valuable commodity.
Emotional well-being can affect physical health.
The books are classified by their titles.
The island mostly consists of mountainous terrain.
This book describes the exploits of a 16th-century explorer.
If the symptoms persist, consult your doctor.
This site has an area equivalent to about 100 Tokyo Domes.
The school received an anonymous gift of ten million yen.
The brain is protected by the skull.
We inherit physical traits from our parents.
Climate change will have a profound impact on the global environment.
The accidents undermined public confidence in the nuclear industry.
The patient is suffering from chronic headaches.
There are a lot of random police checkpoints this month.
The rooftop drain is blocked with leaves.
Close inspection suggested that the product had a defect.
It seems inevitable that oil prices will rise.
The lawyer contended that he was innocent of the crime.
The fortuneteller was sued for fraud.
Because of the recession, many retail shops closed down.
Go down to the end of the corridor and up the stairs to the third floor.
We reached a consensus on how to tackle these issues.
It was an impressive sight.
That country has been enjoying a construction boom.
She is very curious about her family history.
This work is beyond the scope of my ability.
The company has a high proportion of male employees.
The tower reaches an incredible height.
His ancestry can be traced to an old famous aristocrat.
The financing scheme is based on the present system.
It is an ongoing investigation, so I can't reveal any specific details.
This restaurant is frequented by Hollywood celebrities.
This factory has the capability to produce 2,000 units per day.
The town council approved the plan.
Their actions violated the principles of international law.
He wants to enter a technical profession in the future.
It takes a tremendous amount of electricity to power this machine.
You don't have to spend a fortune to make your wedding special.
She was unable to walk far while carrying such heavy burden.
Roughly half of our class participated in the English speech conteest.
This clothing store is for pregnant women.
He is leading advocate of political reform.
Her accounts can hardly be considered objective.
Our company has recently become very competitive.
The expert urged us to take legal action.
The existence of ghosts has not been proven by science.
He is primarily interested in contemporary British art.
She is responsible for setting the meeting agenda.
Faculty meetings are held on the first Monday of each month.
Tourism is an important economic sector for the country.
He has visited Paris multiple times for work.
The weather is variable this time of year.
Ultimately, the election results were as I had expected.
After a heavy blow to the stomach, he fell to his knees.
Many boundaries are defined by natural features.
The country's health care system is in a crisis.
The police conducted an investigation into the case.
This disease is often accompanied by high fever.
If possible, we'd like to solve this disagreement outside of court.
They failed to prevent the outbreak of the civil war.
The area is divided into five compartments.
I sprained my ankle a week ago.
These vouchers can be used at major department stores.
The restaurant serves Italian cuisine.
The company operates small boats to carry passengers and freight.
Be careful not to inhale the fumes when you spray.
He mumbled something and walked away.
She supplements the family income by working part-time.
After ten years as a vegetarian, the thought of eating meat disgusts her.
A traffic collision occurred this morning.
The scientists warned sea levels could rise due to climatic changes.
We should respect all regardless of race, ethnicity and religion.
The man was found guilty of harassing his neighbor.
There was a strand of hair in her soup.
The UV radiation induces DNA damage.
He was chosen as the successor to the outgoing president.
Approximately 300 graduates received their diplomas.
Recycling is a good way to reduce the amount of rubbish.
The flood submerged thousands of houses.
The pest can destroy a crop in just a few hours.
The repair cost was fully covered by the warranty.
Our country must reduce reliance on food imports.
You should rehearse your speech several times.
They strayed into a dark forest.
A fish took the bait, but it escaped.
If I were a billionaire, I'd buy ten different luxury cars.
At the end of 15 minutes, each group will rotate to the next activity.
Most of our students get a weekly allowance from their parents.
This plant food activates chemical changes in the soil.
He apologized for bullying his classmates.
It is difficult for a wild animal to adjust to captivity.
International efforts are required to counter terrorism.
He started to drink after the breakup with his wife.
This report is based on subjective judgements.
These bacteria can colonize any environment.
The heavy hail suddenly started to fall late last evening.
They were charged with attempting to overthrow the governmnet.
My parrot has learned to mimic my voice.
The event attracted some 5,000 spectators.
He has been a member of the committee since its inception.
He became monarch at the age of 15.
The child's room was crammed with toys.
The area has experienced rapid modernization and urbanizatioin.
Safe disposal of nuclear waste is a difficult problem.
The flood waters slowly receded.
Why did you make a deliberate mistake on the test?
The new reservoir will provide water to the city's residents.
The students replicated Galileo's experiment.
I'm allergic to mold.
About a quarter of Canadians are of French descent.
A message appears to alert you to restart your computer.
The rules of the sport were formalized in the mid-20th century.
Her refusal to cooperate has impeded the investigations.
Spam e-mails are a nuisance.
London is on a higher latitude than Tokyo.
Laura was furious with Adam.
The document was compiled by a city officer.
We deliver safe and wholesome food to consumers.
Women account for about half of our company's workforce.
Junko resented his thoughtless words.
Her favorite pastime is knitting.
A fraction of the light reaches the bottom of the pond.
This bridge was erected about 200 years ago.
The company has many devoted clients all over the world.
She is the author of a forthcoming book on capitalism in Japan.
The recess is from 12:30 to 1:30.
I canceled my order and got a full refund.
There is an intense rivalry between the two teams.
The museum features an impressive collection of Egyptian antiquities.
Unsold goods are stored in the warehouse.
The key to solving water shortages is setting up a sustainable water supply.
A red light is a visual cue that the battery needs to be changed.
He is responsible for coordinating the efforts of the team members.
I don't think her confession was voluntary.
The researchers speculated that music can influence people's behavior.
Part of the project was canceled due to financial constraints.
You should listen to your conscience when making a tough decision like this.
The two students have comparable test scores.
People all over the country are celebrating the military's triumph.
The play is famous for its elaborate costumes and thrilling story.
About 2,000 people attended the rally downtown.
He threw off his clothes and plunged into the river.
We blink less when looking at a computer screen.
The company is struggling to achieve gender equality in the workplace.
Volunteers are removing debris from sidewalks.
He was caught trying to sneak some illegal goods into the country.
Fire prevention activities are deemed beneficial to the community.
My eye caught a glimpse of something red.
Labor and management reached a partial agreement on a pay raise.
Over 6,000 troops have been deployed to the location of the conflict.
We do not have any protocol for such a strange situation.
The state took custody of the neglected child temporarily.
We went through many preliminaries before the negotiations started.
She shoved the door again and again until it finally opened.
The industry would not survive without government subsidies.
They manipulated her into signing the contract.
She found it difficult to grasp the meaning of the poem.
Scientists are trying to develop a vaccine for HIV.
The barn was infested with mice.
Most people buy insurance through a broker.
This figure shows a simple electrical circuit.
I don't understand the meaning of abstract painting.
This system is designed to isolate contaminants from groundwater.
She has a melodious voice, and even when she talks it sounds like a song.
He felt dizzy, so he crawled along the floor to get to the bed.
The Foreign Minister discussed the matter with his French counterpart.
His company agreed to pay him compensation.
An echo is a sound that bounces off an object.
The ship crew rebelled against the captain.
This painting is a genuine Picasso.
Plans are meaningless if you don't execute them.
Old tires had been illegally dumped in the field.
Please be sure to note the minimum requirements for applying to this job.
Her parents took away her TV privileges.
Please take a moment to fill out this questionnaire.
The doctor's diagnosis was skin cancer.
I'm taking a physics class in college.
The speech highlighted the importance of protecting the world's rainforests.
There is a distinct difference between the two terms.
The painting depicts a famous battle led by Alexander the Great.
He had a legitimate reason to reject that offer.
This vacuum cleaner doesn't make any offensive noise.
The difference between the two is often overlooked.
This novel has a very readable narrative.
Do you know how nerve cells communicate with each other?
A significant percentage of English words derive from Latin.
I have a car, but my personal preference is to walk to work.
She is a professor of clinical psychology at the University of Oxford.
They are using the room as a temporary storage for food.
A lot of fishing vessels are at anchor in the harbor.
He is confident in his ability to perform the task well.
He was assaulted by three men on his way home.
Your insight into life is incredible.
The technology company withdrew from the smartphone market in Japan.
An unknown disease swept the entire country.
The concert was broadcast live by satellite.
He has lived an extraordinary life.
A number of nations have volunteered to take in refugees.
Your wage will depend on your skills and experience.
Additional clinical tests have to be conducted.
She was 18 years old when she first met her biological mother.
All of the respondents answered Yes to this question.
The jungle features an impressive diversity of insects.
There was a personnel change in my company.
We also need to take into account the emotional dimension.
The president made a crucial decision at the board meeting.
I'll illustrate my idea with some examples.
The new service was implemented as planned.
Scientists from different disciplines attended the meeting.
She's both intelligent and talented, but she lacks initiative.
The judge handed down a harsh sentence to the accused.
I'll definitely be back here.
We need to reform the welfare system.
Dictionaries are located in the reference section on the first floor.
The club offers opportunities to develop social bonds and friendships.
The product they made came to gain international recognition.
People have different perceptions of time.
It was obvious that he was lying.
He has no time to play sports because of his many other commitments.
People hated him because he abused his power.
They got into an argument over a petty issue.
A fire broke out in the fuel depot.
Please note that our employees do not accept gratuities.
A group of people was playing video games in the communal area.
His timidity keeps him from trying new things.
My fingers were numb from working with cold water.
Over 10,000 people have already fallen victim to this scam.
The doctor gave him antibiotics, and it brought his fever down.
The rite is performed by high priests.
All medical students are supposed to take a course in anatomy.
Every year, improving technology makes more employees dispensable.
In the U.S. it is customary to leave a tip for restaurant servers.
He was banished to a remote island.
The long-lost manuscript of the poet was discovered.
The minister is downplaying the issue of education.
The two men got into a big argument, and a fight ensued.
Her contributions were instrumental in making this play a success.
The country granted amnesty to the illegal immigrants.
The police officer was suspended for negligence of duty.
The terrorists detonated the bomb from a remote location.
He is a man of mercy.
The entire apartment building was fumigated to get rid of the pests.
The town has commenced preparations for the president's visit.
She was getting tired of her husband's incessant complaining.
The torture of prisoners is forbidden according to international laws.
In the city, historic buildings coexist with modern architecture.
She is perfect for this job because she is so attentive to details.
The plants were drooping from lack of water.
The financial crisis caused a significant downturn in the global economy.
Many people congregated to hear the politician's speech.
I wanted to escape from the tedium of lying in the hospital bed.
She has led a mundane life.
His statement in court was questionable.
They vowed to love each other for all eternity.
Can I have your autograph, please?
Every month, an internal auditor examines the company's finances.
The sailboat was adrift in the Pacific Ocean for ten days.
Soy products are often used as substitutes for meat.
The hull of the ship got heavily damaged.
Both parents are equally responsible for a child's upbringing.
Police dispersed the demonstrators by force.
After becoming rich, he scorned his poor friends.
The sequel to the hit movie was not very interesting.
The man was charged with attempted theft.
She is having trouble repelling birds from the field.
He lived in London as a political exile.
Thank you for your compliment.
There was nothing obscure in what he was saying.
I was overwhelmed by the sublime beauty of nature.
A person's gender is irrelevant to their ability to complete this job.
He was driving his car in an erratic manner.
Living in solitude is not healthy.
He showed his generosity by donating a million dollars to the charity.
He was attacked by a swarm of bees.
The doctor dispelled my concerns about taking the medication.
Our cat seems indifferent to mice.
Global climate change is an irreversible process.
The movie star typifies the macho image.
The fragrance of the flowers filled the garden.
Most racial discrimination comes from simple ignorance.
He owes a lot of money to creditors.
These taxes constrain business' ability to make a profit.
She drew an analogy between art and nature.
She was brought up by her stern father.
Poor sanitation increased the spread of the disease.
Please take this as a token of my gratitude.
His negative attitude alienated him from his coworkers.
The buildup of greenhouse gases causes global warming.
The research paper included annotations on almost every page.
You are never required to answer any question that could incriminate you.
This file compression tool is easy to use.
This hall is designed to provide the best acoustic performance.
The same nightmare tormented her again and again.
Upon completion of this course, you will have gained basic computer skills.
His sudden change in attitude bewildered everyone.
The plants weren't growing because they were underfed.
Discord between parents can have a negative effect on their children.
He built a large wall around the perimeter of his property.
You always ask good and incisive questions.
Good politicians tend to be good at deflecting difficult questions.
Her garden has a high-tech irrigation system.
I've been having discomfort in my chest since yesterday.
The fence obstructed the driver's view.
There are many illegal guns in circulation in the country.
He worked as a parking attendant at this hotel.
We swapped phone numbers and e-mail addresses.
The goal of the talks is the avoidance of war.
His mother asked him to run an errand to the post office.
It will take about ten days for the seed to sprout.
They have trouble pinpointing the cause.
She was discharged from the navy.
He expressed his gratitude for the support from his fans.
The best managers are experts at delegating tasks.
Her decision to quit school dismayed her parents.
I've been spoiled by eating gourmet food every day.
This solution changes its color by dilution with water.
Although it's hot, the weather is so dry that I hardly perspire.
How many offspring does a zebra have at once?
You should drink water to replenish your fluids.
Please refrain from smoking in this building.
The series of murders horrified the whole nation.
Profit is what remains when you subtract the costs.
It took him years to completely unravel the mystery.
The organization is trying to become more inclusive of women.
She started speaking to the man under the pretense of asking for directions.
Manual transcription of an interview is time-consuming.
The EU sent a special envoy to the area.
I fell into a roadside ditch.
Many interesting animals live in the nearby swamps.
I've always been inept at musical instruments.
He swerved to avoid the deer and crashed into a tree.
The committee came to a unanimous decision.
Job opportunities are scarce, and unemployment is high.
Condiments are used to enhance flovor.
There are an increasing number of returnees who studied abroad.
The politician is striving to present a clean image of himself.
It has to do with an increased incidence of various diseases.
He was a transient, moving from place to place.
Fortunately, the stain on my shirt was hardly noticeable.
The disease is caused by a deficiency of vitamins.
It's difficult for her to live up to her lofty ideals.
He is proficient in four different languages.
Making a decision would be premature without more evidence.
The EU imposed trade sanctions on the country.
The boss gave her candid advice.
This new drug has no adverse side effects.
Salaries should be based on performance and skills, not on seniority.
A few years ago, the country suddenly changed its posture on immigration.
The girl lit the room with the flare of a match.
His joke was so vulgar that no one laughed.
The soldiers ran out of ammunition during the battle.
She received a large inheritance when her grandmother passed away.
She seems completely assimilated into American society.
He was arrested for trespassing on his neighbor's property.
So far all efforts to cure the disease have proven futile.
The army's retreat was a tactical move.
He developed empathy for the poor people after volunteering in their town.
The police have launched a probe into the incident.
He was admonished for neglecting his duties.
She had to scrap her car because it was damaged so badly in the accident.
Those swans will migrate to Siberia soon.
The area does not have a proper water and sewage system.
He got a splinter in his finger while building the shed.
The imposing mountain looked impossible to climb.
She only shops at upscale supermarkets.
The designer agonized over hundreds of small details.
He is a cautions driver.
Practicing good personal hygiene is the first step to staying healthy.
Train services were disrupted due to signal failures.
The country's economy deteriorated rapidly in the early 1990's.
The organization is subordinate to the Ministry of Defense.
All of the restaurant staff were helpful and courteous.
The mountain town sits at an elevation of 4,000 feet.
The development project enraged the local residents.
Her charisma enchanted a lot of people.
She remains unperturbed no matter what happens.
The camping goods store debited his account for the tent he purchased.
The candidate's name was omitted from the list.
The town prospered as a commercial center.
Too much washing can irritate your skin.
The aristocrats pressed the king to give up the throne.
This case is sturdy enough to withstand accidental drops.
The group agitated for the amendment of the constitution.
Her mother told her that she should be a submissive wife.
The man was carrying a giant bundle of newspapers.
I keep my writing utensils in the top drawer of my desk.
He dislocated his finger in practice.
The department store is currently closed for renovations.
The climbers hiked along the crest of the mountain.
His rigid way of thinking sometimes leads to conflict.
The doctor gave me a referral to a neurologist.
It is dangerous to centralize power.
She belongs to a cult.
They have less time to nurture their children.
You should enrich the soil before planting.
Store cookies in an airtight container at room temperature.
The advertising campaign is meant to empower women.
Very few people spoke during the solemn ceremony.
This disease results from hereditary factors.
This research institute is affiliated with a famous university.
As a teenager, he was a social outcast.
This is not a real example, just a hypothetical situation.
He took several photos of the majestic mountains.
The accident paralyzed his left hand for several years.
You can learn how to meditate at the temple.
I heard on the news that a bear was roaming around the city.
I retraced my steps to see if I'd dropped my wallet somewhere.
The article alleges that the man committed the murder.
Many children are receiving substandard education in this district.
The university's chancellor gave a speech for the new students.
Recently I had my watch overhauled.
The prisoners attempted a breakout, but it failed.
Beneath her cheerful facade lies a dark past.
The housing market has been in a slump since last year.
She rarely gives utterance to her feelings.
Our school is strict about punctuality.
She typically haunts bookstores, cafes, and used clothing stores.
We've discovered a flaw in the plan.
He is trying to mediate the border dispute between the two countries.
It's a good restaurant, but it's a bit pricey.
No one doubted the sincerity of his words.
She felt a sense of detachment from society.
Naomi snatched the book out of his hands.
The sky was covered with ominous gray clouds.
She sang the national anthem before a packed audience.
The rise in prices hits people's livelihoods directly.
The rocket is propelled by powerful jet engines.
He has been living in seclusion since his retirement.
Laura pinched my cheek softly.
The rebels are raiding towns located along the border.
All of the captive foxes were released into the wild.
They stood up and saluted the national flag.
I despise any form of violence.
The terrorists showed scant regard for the lives of innocent civilians.
This machine can amplify radio signals.
The caption under this picture is not correct.
This shellfish can contain parasites.
The judge acquitted her of the charges.
There are various ways to gauge the health of a company.
She was delirious and nothing she said made sense.
This circle is two feet in diameter.
It is illogical to attempt the failed method a second time.
The drunken man was ejected from the casino.
The children were startled by a sudden noise.
He was envious of his brother's success.
Our organization provides free goods to disadvantaged communities.
These documents will be treated as confidential.
There is a perpetual struggle for power between them.
The president tried to suppress the news story, but was unsuccessful.
This book is about the effect of food additives on children.
Many consumers are misled by deceitful marketing tactics.
This experience was invaluable for m carrer.
I only have superficial knowledge of China.
They are responsible for formulating the investment policy.
He always loses his temper over the smallest things.
The success rate is hovering around ten percent.
She couldn't restrain her anger any longer, and she yelled at her boss.
This area is infamous for its high crime rate.
The imposition of higher taxes is being criticized.
These seeds are made sterile by genetic engineering.
The witness's testimony lacks consistency.
It's not very difficult to modify the working environment.
The humble efforts she made have been rewarded.
They had a noble purpose.
She has witnessed firsthand how the country has developed.
The extended dry spell caused water shortages.
In his job he deals with a lot of classified information.
Residents are expected to furnish their own apartments.
Many companies expect an upturn in sales.
The bad smell made me feel like vomiting.
Last week, the diplomat visited multiple countries in Southeast Asia.
Please be sure to specify the size and color you'd like when ordering.
She still hasn't overcome her fear of dogs.
Health insurance premiums are more expensive than ever.
Today the company released its projections for next year's sales.
Citizens staged a demonstration in front of the government offices.
The Empire State Building is a famous landmark in New York.
The city will be holding a public forum to discuss the issue.
In three years, she will be eligible for retirement.
President Lincoln put an end to slavery.
The controversial film has received a lot of publicity.
The hotel boasts spacious rooms and spectacular views.
She felt like a complete outsider in the new country.
The singer is becoming a global sensation.
The local paper is the most influential in the region.
The author has been praised for his creativity.
They denied any liability for the damage.
Alien species are a threat to ecosystems.
He turned too quickly, and the car flipped.
I added her e-mail address to the recipient list.
The essay can be shorter than two pages, provided that it's well-written.
We need more precise data to solve these problems.
The famous astronomer began to study the stars as a child.
The concert was beamed live all over the world.
The currency of Japan is the yen.
This mask filters out more than 90 percent of pollen particles.
Long exposure to radiation can be fatal.
The monkey's long limbs are useful for climbing trees.
She let out a sudden burst of laghter.
Homosexuality if gaining acceptance in society.
He is majoring in cognitive psychology.
A new leaf grew from the stem.
These two species are slightly different in their genetic makeup.
some say that virtuous politicians are rare.
I put some flowers on the grave.
Collective nouns include: family, group, team and so on.
During the Ottoman Empire, Turkish was written in Arabic script.
The poet's work had a deep impact on subsequent generations.
The hospital is the biggest in this province.
It will take ten more years to pay off the mortgage on this home.
The pianist gave a brilliant performance.
She explained the sequence of events that led to the problem.
After four months of unemployment, he was desperate for a job.
He applied for several scholarships, but he didn't receive any.
She was stressed because her family did not have any financial stability.
This discovery has great significance to researchers.
We must pass a comprehensive examination.
The investigation took a considerable amount of time.
This article provides a profile of the Noble Prize winner.
They set out on their routine patrol at 8 p.m.
Another problem may arise soon.
I took his words literally.
The boy is popular among his peers.
The typhoon has dominated the news this week.
His speech was full of quotes from the Bible.
He is a great baseball player who deserves everyone's respect.
The song transformed her into a pop star.
Virtually every patient is showing the same symptoms.
The country passed new legislation to protect several forest.
This is the first time such a violent incident has occurred in the school.
My home isn't ready for the digital era.
The news received little media coverage.
The military regime has ruled the country for two years now.
All employees should be treated equally regardless of age or gender.
The new employee suggested a novel solution to the problem.
The results from this poll of the community were shocking.
People of different faiths gathered there.
The capital of New York is Albany, not New York City.
Construction to divert the river has begun.
This treatment may prevent the onset of the disease.
She sympathized with his situation, but there was nothing she could do.
The villagers had a feast celebrating the harvest.
He landed a high-paying position right out of college.
Unauthorized copying of software is illegal.
She usually eats leftovers for lunch.
She is very interested in Greek mythology.
Some people were killed in the violent clash with the police.
Rich people are the major beneficiaries in this system.
She has devised a new method to improve product quality.
It is absurd of you to think that way.
Her grandparents emigrated to Brazil.
The company is almost monopolizing the market.
He made many notable achievements in the field of genetic engineering.
The nation is experiencing a period of social upheaval now.
There was something moving in the murky water.
None of the standby passengers got to board the flight.
In general, women outlive men.
The ski resort offers various forms of lodging.
He was elected president of the World Karate Confederation.
The company performs a rigorous test before the products are shipped.
Employees' skills and talents are intangible assets to a company.
Many species of aquatic plants are in danger of extinction.
She took the lead from the outset in the face.
They installed padding to insulate the sound.
She was tense before her interview.
He broke his backbone, but luckily there was no nerve damage.
This multinational corporation does business in 23 countries.
I'd like to repay all of my debt as soon as possible.
The city libraries are threatened with closure because of budget cuts.
Frustration on the job caused his outburst of anger.
The tropical plants cannot survive in this arid region.
The campaign helps the company increase its prestige.
Her piano performance was technically impressive, but it lacked feeling.
The thick woods disoriented the hikers.
The disease is highly curable when detected early.
The college received accreditation from the government.
He proposed a new theory on the downfall of the Roman Empire.
It takes bravery to face danger.
Japan is a maritime nation.
He suggests that the document be amended periodically.
The ancient Roman integrated barbarians into their army.
Well-fed animals typically experience higher fertility.
The train was full of stereotypical American tourists.
She'd been studying Chinese for years, but she still couldn't speak fluently.
Drive slowly, because there are many pedestrians in this area.
The shipment arrived two weeks after the order was placed.
Claire did not like working for a large, impersonal company.
Sufferers of the brain disease often get lost or confused.
Alcohol negates the effect of this drug.
The monument was destroyed by vandalism.
These techniques can improve the resonance of your singing voice.
She validated the utility of the new test.
He left the company voluntarily.
She savored every minute of her vacation.
The bribery scandal is an embarrassment to the government.
The military expenditure of the country goes up 15 percent a year.
We cannot afford to be complacent about the energy supply in the future.
They live in a large house in a well-off neighborhood.
Your house has such elegant decor.
His actions contradict his words.
She is very knowledgeable about computers.
It will cost $10,000 to develop the prototype for this new engine.
They crossed the sea to escape persecution.
They work together because many of their duties overlap.
The storm led to the diversion of many flights.
We enjoyed a trek in the beautiful countryside.
This online game is addictive.
The party put forward a bill to legalize casinos.
He had to take time off work because of burnout.
A small disagreement escalated into a violent fight.
Mozart began his musical career as a child prodigy.
He attacked his enemies ruthlessly.
Let's stop this irrational argument.
There are frequent power outages in this area.
Nitrogen and oxygen are the major constituents of air.
I have read countless books on this subject.
The department store offers various services to cater to its customers.
The company is working to improve the product's shortcomings.
The game was cut short due to the intermittent rain.
Dubai is a modern metropolis built in the desert.
We should reduce dependency on cars.
This machine can grind spices, grains, and seeds.
She spent her entire summer break working on her thesis.
You can use adhesive tape to hold the sheets together.
A new department store was built in close proximity to the station.
I was tempted to give her a call.
He took their attitude as an outright rejection of his proposal.
The census is taken every five years.
The country is on its way to becoming a superpower.
These turkeys are raised for slaughter.
It takes a lot of money and time to successfully rehabilitate prisoners.
A high turnover of employees has become a problem in the industry.
There are several prerequisites to applying for a loan.
The teacher has compassion for all of her students.
This telephone has a simple and straightforward design.
As for surfing, waves at the beach are well-suited to intermediates.
A small amount of alcohol helps keep your extremities warm.
It costs a large sum of money to dispose of radioactive materials.
She was overtaken by two runners just before the finish line.
A flock of ducks were floating on the lake.
He was fired from his job for a lack of competence.
We will not accept any submissions after the deadline.
This is a race for four-year-old mares.
A divorce is a legal action to terminate a marriage.
Developing a new market is a strenuous task.
