index
John's fashion sense is very low-key.
They are keeping their relationship low-key.
That constant drilling noise is really driving me up the wall.
It really drives me up the wall when people talk loudly on the phone.
Things in life are never a black and white.
Using this new software, the profitability of each product will be black and white.
The bridge collapsed soon after completion because of the sloppy construction work.
The financial manager cited lack of attention to detail or sloppy work as the most annoying behavior by co-workers.
If you pour another drink on someone, you're going to get kicked out of the bar.
I got kicked out of the club for missing too many meetings.
I think painting every wall in the house bright yellow is a bit over the top.
Matt's reaction to losing the game was a bit over the top.
The car only starts sometimes because it's so ancient.
I can't believe you still use an iPhone 6. That's ancient.
When driving at night, you need to watch out for wildlife that may appear unexpectedly.
Watch out for that broken stair at the bottom of the staircase.
The company is trying to figure out how to please millennial employees.
Should I ask the teacher or figure it out myself?
Everyone slacks off on Fridays.
Why are you slacking off? We gotta finish this work by the end of today!
Many people think that actors are overpaid.
Baseball players are overpaid, aren't they?
You're better off starting from the beginning than trying to find where you went wrong.
The team was better off without their coach.
I'm going downstairs to grab some food for lunch.
Can you please grab a coffee for me while you're out?
Humor plays an important role. However, in a media interview, it can easily be taken out of context.
It's best to avoid joking comments, as they might be taken out of context.
This donut was a freebie from the supermarket down the street.
I got a freebie from the website for completing their survey.
Patrick's instructions were very clear-cut.
They don't have a clear-cut strategy in place.
Sorry to cut you off, but I have a question about that last point you made.
My best job interview advice is to never cut off your interviewer.
How much we're allowed to spend on accommodation is a bit of a gray area, as there is no company policy governing spending.
There's a substantial amount of gray area between what is legal and what is not.
It always requires a six digit SMS code just to login. Very fiddly.
The camera of this smartphone is a bit fiddly. The slightest hand movement causes severe blurring.
My boss was crystal-clear about what we should do next.
It's crystal-clear that James is going to be late to the party.
In my downtime, I enjoy taking my daughter to parks.
I'm having some downtime tonight.
For more pictures, please check out our Instagram!
I'm going to check out the new bar on Sunday.
Don't worry, I get it.
After he explained the concept for half an hour, I finally got it.
The train was held up because of the railroad accident.
Sorry for holding you up from going home.
Does this website look legit to you?
I can tell the chef at this French restaurant is legit because he only speaks French.
Let's catch up over coffee tomorrow.
I miss you so much. I really wanna catch up with you.
I'm very hyped for this new movie coming out tomorrow.
I'm feeling really hyped about this new restaurant.
Driving around in a gold car is a bit attention-seeking, isn't it?
Narcissists are often attention-seeking.
I'm gonna find another person to help us out.
I'm gonna go home now.
I wanna ask you how you got into whiskey. Did you have a light bulb moment?
I find it hard to get into history no matter how hard I try. It's so boring.
I couldn't speak properly because I had butterflies in my stomach.
My date didn't go too well because I had butterflies in my stomach.
He said, "Don't spend too much time on this, but you shouldn't cut corners." How would that be possible?
If you wanna be more efficient, it's important to find where you can cut corners.
Two plus two is pretty much five, isn't it?
I've given you pretty much all the money in my wallet.
The new legislation is a big deal, as it will fundamentally change the way we do business.
Chill out. It's not a big deal.
My bestie and I have decided to work together on a creative project. We'll share more details once we get the ball rolling.
I'm gonna get the ball rolling on our wedding planning by booking the venue tomorrow.
Can you spot that bird in the sky?
I spotted Toby on the train this morning.
In Japan, trains leave on the dot and arrive on the dot as well.
Let's meet up at 6 o'clock on the dot.
The comment you made is really spot-on. I'm glad you brought that up.
You don't wanna talk about it? You brought it up, didn't you.
Flights to Bali at this time of the year are pretty pricey.
Food at the concert is pretty pricey. Should we eat before we go?
His dad's absence from the wedding is a touchy subject.
Andy's lack of money right now is a touchy subject.
The expense incurred this year to construct the building is a one-off cost.
Employees will receive a one-off bonus payment of $800 thanks to the brighter business outlook.
Anthony, I'm sorry to bug you, but I really need your help with something.
Don't bug me, I really need to concentrate.
As I haven't played tennis for a while, I'm pretty rusty.
Catherine moved from Spain to America a few years ago, so her Spanish is a bit rusty.
The store opens at 8 a.m. tomorrow, so you can get your hands on the product bright and early.
As I wanted to get a few things done before work, I had breakfast bright and early today.
Give me a buzz when you're close to the restaurant.
I'll give you a buzz when I get there tomorrow.
I need to work on being more punctual.
The player's technique is good, but he needs to work on his stamina.
I hate the in-your-face anti-smoking campaign.
Chelsea's fashion sense is very in-your-face.
I'll come clean and admit that I haven't done my homework. I'm sorry.
Let's all come clean and discuss why we're not on track to meet the deadline.
The news is a bit of a downer.
Stop being such a downer. Not everything in this report is bad.
The nightclub gets packed at around 1 a.m.
You just can't avoid taking a packed train in Japan.
You can't expect your parents to bail you out of trouble all the time.
My car's broken down in the middle of the desert. Can you please bail me out?
I'm going to need a few minutes to get my head around the diagram you just showed me.
Rick's struggling to get his head around this new program.
Since we've only got five minutes, I'm going to cut to the chase.
Let's quickly cut to the chase so that the audience doesn't get bored.
There's a mistake in this report. Let's flag it in the meeting.
I don't wanna go through the whole thing, but I wanted to flag a few key findings.
This song is so old-school.
I was playing some old-school NES games today and I actually thought they're better than a lot of games today.
Don't get your hopes up because you might not actually get promoted.
I got my hopes up for nothing.
Lydia hired a new employee behind my back.
He's so angry because his wife bought a new car behind his back.
I'll get back to you once I figure that out.
I'm not sure if I can come to the movie tomorrow, so I'll get back to you on that.
Don't freak me out.
Mike freaks out when he sees a spider.
I'm putting together a photo album of all my niece's baby photos.
Luke's putting together the itinerary for the holiday.
Sleeping all day sounds like a plan.
Enjoying a nice glass of wine at the rooftop bar? Sounds like a plan! Give me the details.
On your way to work, can you please drop the kids off at school?
The company is in the process of expanding its capacity to drop off packages at customers' homes.
Japanese people's attention to detail is just incredible.
He needs to work on his attention to detail.
I'm sick of eating apples. I wanna eat something different.
I'm sick of your negative attitude.
Tony was struggling to concentrate on the important points, as there was a lot of white noise.
The report had a lot of white noise in it, making it difficult to work out the main points.
Surfing can be tricky until you've practiced a few times.
That golf course is a bit tricky if you haven't played there before.
I haven't seen Emma for a while, as she's been slammed at work.
Actually, I can't go after all. I am slammed with homework.
I'm in a rush right now, so can we talk about it later?
He always seems to be in a rush.
A swimming pool in the backyard is a nice-to-have.
Let's decide what items are must-haves and nice-to-haves on our wish list.
She said carrots are the worst, so I said "Tell me about it."
She complained that traffic was awful, so I was like "Tell me about it."
I'm going to take it easy this weekend, as this week's been pretty busy.
Take it easy. Everything will be fine.
I don't know where we're going for dinner tonight, but let's just start driving and wing it.
You want to have something to say confidently in your interview, right? So don't just wing it.
Emily turned down the job offer.
I was really full, but it's hard to turn down food that my girlfriend makes for me, isn't it?
I need to keep my cool to work through this problem methodically.
He keeps his cool no matter how stressed he gets.
Do I like driving? Sort of.
That suit is kind of blue, but has a lot of different colored stripes as well.
I'm filling in for Sue this week, as she is on holidays.
Daniel is going to be filling in for Kevin while he's in the hospital.
If I were really short on money, I think my parents would help me out.
Are you able to help Matthew out with fixing his car tonight?
Please make sure you double-check spelling before you submit it for review.
Can you please make sure that he knows we are working offsite tomorrow?
We should keep our voices down in the library, as people are trying to concentrate on their studies.
Can you please keep your voice down?
As an FYI, I'm going to be working offsite tomorrow.
Just an FYI, people are getting sick of this kind of meme.
What is the most chill part-time job?
The manager of the job is real chill.
I hate the dentist, but I suppose I'll have to bite the bullet and go.
Emma finally bit the bullet and got a haircut.
I'm looking forward to our next dinner.
Are you looking forward to reading that new book?
Falling in love is fun, but it's important to make sure you're on the same page.
Success lies in getting everyone on the same page.
Unfortunately, there's nothing we can do to clear up the situation.
This new methodology could help clear up cross-cultural misunderstandings.
Cristiano was shattered that his pay rise was far less than he expected.
I'm shattered that I'm going to miss out on the function on Friday.
We should give credit to Josh for identifying the error.
You should give your team credit for their great ideas.
This new laptop is not exactly perfect, but it's close enough.
I expected our margin to be a bit higher this year, but anyway, close enough.
Can you please lock down the booking for dinner tonight?
We've got the report locked down. It's ready to submit now.
Snoring is literally a deal-breaker for me. I'm like, "Don't be within a five-meter radius of me if you snore."
A damaged roof can be a deal-breaker for many home buyers.
He is loaded from renting his house on Airbnb.
My boss drives a Ferrari. He must be loaded.
I'm fairly certain that figure is right, but I'll double-check that and get back to you.
Can you double-check that you locked the house?
AI and similar cutting-edge technology raise many complex ethical issues.
That car is not cutting-edge. It doesn't even have power windows.
This discussion is going in circles.
I gave a call to their customer care team, but it kept going in circles with the automated services. Give me a break.
Tony should chill out before he hurts someone.
I just want to chill out on the couch tonight.
Let's break for lunch and come back to this problem later.
I'm pretty hungry, so can we break for lunch soon?
Red is roughly the same color as crimson, isn't it?
What you just told me is roughly correct.
It's a stretch to say John is a nice person.
It's a stretch to say one million dallar is an insignificant amount of money.
Are you on the right track with the task?
Once you find the right study strategy that works for you, make sure you stick with it and you'll be on the right track.
I managed to get my hands on the new iPhone on launch day.
Only five people managed to get their hands on the new project.
Ferraris are the gold standard for many car collectors.
A. Lange & Sohne is the gold standard of German luxury watch brands.
I'll kick the meeting off early tomorrow morning, so try not to be late.
Let's kick off the presentation tomorrow with a speech from the CEO.
Your business is on it's last legs.
That boat is on it's last legs. You should consider replacing it soon.
I can't trust anything Will says, as he just plucks things out of thin air.
You can't just pluck something out of thin air in the middle of a presentation.
It's getting pretty late, so I might make a move.
I've got somewhere else to be, so I'm going to make a move.
My selling point as an employee is my experience as a strategy consultant.
Customer service is the biggest selling point for the café.
Matt is all-in on that horse.
I'm all-in on this new project.
No matter what you're going through, there's always light at the end of the tunnel. So just keep working towards it.
The project is finally seeing the light at the end of the tunnel.
I'm tired of being judged for being a party animal.
Tomo isn't much of a party animal. He prefers staying at home and reading.
The library was so quiet you could hear a pin drop.
You could hear a pin drop during that meeting.
The Lord of the Rings can be pretty wordy sometimes.
The email is a bit wordy, so I'm struggling to understand the point that he's trying to make.
I have a surefire way to make a small room look larger.
He will be a surefire winner at the election.
George's arrival time is up in the air at the moment.
The company's growth plan is still up in the air.
I don't know if it will succeed, but it's worth a shot.
The project failed, but it was definitely worth a shot.
John is a bit of a character, isn't he?
She is a character.
I like the consultant, as he's really sharp.
He learns things really quickly. He's very sharp.
Andy had a burning desire to quit his job.
I have a burning desire to score the maximum amount of goals possible.
I would have loved to be a fly on the wall for the argument between Anthony and Carly.
I wish I were a fly on the wall when they broke up.
I didn't understand Simon because he was speaking gibberish.
It says "TV shows on radio are lazy." It's gibberish.
Stop egging me on to do a stupid thing when I'm drunk because you know I'm going to do it.
My brother is egging me on to jump off the roof.
I'm so excited to get some face-time with my fans in Tokyo!
Getting face-time with the higher-ups is a great chance to prove how valuable you are to your company.
Adam pulled an all-nighter last night to finish his homework.
I've already had three cups of coffee this morning, as I pulled an all-nighter.
I've been talking for two hours, so I'll just leave it there.
I'll leave it there for now, as Linda has a few words she wants to say.
The singer is surprisingly down-to-earth for somebody that is rich and famous.
She's the most down-to-earth person I've ever met.
Did you already talk about marriage? You guys have only just met! You are clearly jumping the gun.
Is that a good company to work for? I haven't even done the interview yet, so this might be jumping the gun a bit.
Can you back up your claim that she doesn't like me?
He says he knows a lot of people that would be willing to donate to my fundraiser, but he can't back that up.
I can't believe I'm saying this, but I get a real kick out of studying.
I don't know why, but I get a weird kick out of chopping onions.
That hamburger was hands down the best meal I've ever had in my life.
He is the best character on the show. Hands down.
What do you mean? Can you dumb your explanation down for me?
International relations are hard to dumb down enough for the average person.
Max is going to give his wedding speech on the fly.
Let's make decisions on the fly.
I feel that there is something fishy going on.
I have spotted something fishy here.
It will cost $500, give or take.
I'll arrive at 9 p.m., give or take 5 minutes.
Take an educated guess as to how many people are coming to the party.
What will the world look like 50 years from now? Can we make an educated guess or is a crystal ball required?
When your motivation to study hits a wall, remember your end goal.
I feel my career has hit a wall. I don't know what I want to do now.
While I won't get it done today, cleaning the kitchen is on my radar.
Having a child is not on my radar yet.
Brendan's really a broken record, as he tells the same stories every time I see him.
Jim thinks that his dad is a broken record, as he nags him about the same things every day.
My supervisor said my performance was awesome today and I'm low-key stoked about it.
I'm really stoked for the trip next month.
You should take action sooner rather than later.
If you are planning to apologize, do it sooner rather than later.
Let's get our story straight prior to speaking to the police.
Brian needs to get his story straight before he can tell Jen what happened yesterday.
Let's use the materials that we already have, rather than reinvent the wheel.
We don't have to reinvent the wheel to get this project finished. Let's just make some tweaks to the plan we already have.
I heard through the grapevine that Ben's decided to change department.
I heard through the grapevine that she was pregnant.
Neville got a bit fired up when his team started losing.
Bill got pretty fired up when Mel accused him of stealing money.
I can give you a crash course if you like. It's actually pretty straightforward.
Kudos to him for giving a crash course in digital marketing.
It took Patricia a while to settle in to her new school, as she didn't know anybody there.
John's settling in well, as he's made a lot of new friends already.
He was worked up because his team conceded a goal in the last minute of the game.
She was screaming and worked up when she hit the jackpot.
Sorry that I'm being a bit of a control freak, but I just want to make sure every part of this project is done right.
My girlfriend is a control freak and asks me where I am like every 15 minutes.
Finding bugs in source code is like looking for a needle in a haystack.
Finding the next pop star is like finding a needle in a haystack.
I shouldn't have to put up with noisy children in the library.
I can't put up with her bossy attitude any longer.
Sorry for putting you on the spot, but when can you finish the work?
I have a real fear of being put on the spot when I'm talking to my boss.
David was wasted after a few drinks last night.
Liz gets wasted easily.
The feedback that I got from my boss was pretty ego-boosting.
Let's not tell Paul anything that's too ego-boosting, as he's already a bit arrogant.
It's a bit insane to ask an 18-year-old rookie to carry the team.
He's gonna carry the team this time.
Julia's a bit down in the dumps because her husband has been overseas for a couple of weeks now.
Tom has been down in the dumps ever since Yuki broke up with him.
I'm a big fan of chocolate.
Andy isn't a big fan of scary movies.
That new software that I installed on my computer really backfired, as my computer slowed down drastically.
The sleeping pills that I took last night backfired on me, as I couldn't wake up in the morning
I'm still iffy about going to Australia this summer.
The fireworks were postponed due to iffy weather.
My joke didn't go down well.
His latest video was very informative and it went down well with the fans.
Young players stepped up in the absence of several experienced stars.
Mike had to step up because his manager was sick for the week.
The player netted an inch-perfect equalizer.
Don't worry about making it inch-perfect, given that it's just a draft.
Just keep your head and concentrate on what you are doing now.
Tom kept his head even though everybody around him was panicking.
As a general rule of thumb, I think companies should try to maintain a net profit margin ratio that is above the average for their industry.
As a rule of thumb, it is uncommon for Japanese people to eat or drink while walking.
This video just cracked me up so bad.
I cracked up at his joke like crazy.
Don't take it the wrong way, but you should probably get a haircut before the wedding.
Don't take it the wrong way, but you're not good enough.
To give you some context, I bought a pink car only because my girlfriend wanted it.
Can someone give me some context for this LINE stamp? I don't know when I can use this.
She's such a drama queen. Oh my god, she acts like she's gonna die every time she sees an ant.
Don't be a drama queen. The cut isn't even deep.
They will go all-out to get exactly what they want.
As this event is very important for us, let's go all-out on the catering.
She covered all bases by booking a venue that also served vegetarian food.
My go-to wine to cover all bases is Sauvignon Blanc.
He is very by the book, as he only ever performs tasks under instruction from his manager.
Peter isn't very by the book. He often does things in his own style.
I need to think it through a bit first before I answer your question.
Did you think it through before signing the agreement?
When you are ready to start a meeting, give me a heads-up.
Just to give you a heads-up, we will be closing at 6 p.m. today.
I'm calling it at 6 o'clock.
Let's call it a day and go home.
Did you tell me you love me in a roundabout way?
I told you I didn't truly love you in a roundabout way, but you just didn't get it.
She didn't come to school today, as she's been feeling under the weather for a few days.
I'm a bit under the weather today, so I won't be coming to lunch.
My kid's been dragging his feet with his homework.
The powers that be are dragging their feet on the issue.
We should meet up to clear the air.
Tim and Mark need to clear the air before their argument gets worse.
My guesstimate is that the stock market could cascade further.
My guessstimate for total hours of study this week is probably around 40 hours.
Trent had to dig deep to lift the car up.
The team dug deep and worked some pretty long hours to get the work done.
Rachael's new smart fridge has all the bells and whistles, and she doesn't even cook.
I don't know why he bought a car with all the bells and whistles, as he only drives on weekends.
That answer is spot-on.
The professor was spot-on with his comments about the economy.
Basketball is not really my cup of tea. I prefer soccer.
Romance novels aren't really my cup of tea.
Chris was looking sharp in his tailored suit.
I always try and look sharp for job interviews.
The two teams were neck and neck.
I'm neck and neck with Daniel in terms of performance at work.
Mike found the conversation about particle physics to be mind-numbing.
I didn't do well in math, as I found it incredibly mind-numbing.
Dating a woman who tells it like it is is a bit intimidating.
Let's just tell it like it is. There's no point in lying about it.
I just found out that I can download a video on this website and watch it later. This is a game-changer for me.
Permanent hair removal is a total game-changer.
Can I borrow Chris for a few minutes? I just need some help moving this heavy box.
Can I borrow you at some stage this afternoon? I've got a few things I wanted to ask you about.
You are someone I look up to.
I really look up to Bill, so I try and learn as much as I can from him.
You are killing it at work recently!
His new restaurant is killing it.
As there is no plan in place, John is making it up as he goes along.
I didn't know how to do the work, so I just made it up as I went along.
We'll come up with a better solution to the problem if we get together and bounce ideas off each other.
Can I bounce some ideas off you later? I'm trying to decide what the best option is.
The app contains a lot of videos that are deemed to be a bad influence on the youth.
I'm skipping today's class to hang out with Michelle. She's such a bad influence on me.
Brian is being very pushy about asking me to work over the weekend.
Stop being so pushy. I'll get it done when I have time.
Five dollars for lunch is a steal.
I bought that t-shirt for ten dollars. Don't you think it's a steal?
Can we wrap up this meeting pretty soon? We're already 2 hours over time.
I think it's time to wrap up the photoshoot, as we've taken a few hundred photos already.
Luke's story about how he broke his arm snowboarding doesn't add up. I don't think he even owns a snowboard.
I listened to his explanation, but something still doesn't add up.
Anthony's pretty destroyed about Monica's betrayal.
He was destroyed about his parents' divorce.
1 million is not too far off 990 thousand.
We're not too far off making our sales target this week.
Tim is the heart and soul of the team.
He argued that to deny American exceptionalism is to deny the heart and soul of this nation.
Evelyn is always happy, as she looks on the bright side of life.
Try looking on the bright side. You'll be happier that way.
Share trading 101 is to buy low, sell high.
Knowing how to cut vegetables is cooking 101.
I'll get a bento box 'cause I wanna try bits and pieces.
I only read bits and pieces of the article, as it was quite boring and long.
The silver lining to getting my leg broken is that I don't have to go to work for the next week.
The Great Depression had a silver lining: during that time, US life expectancy rose due to the change in diet.
You shouldn't take Matt's comments to heart, as he's frustrated today.
I think Ray took Eric's feedback to heart, as he seems quite upset.
Can we park this question for now? I've just got some other issues I'm trying to sort out right now.
You don't need to finish this article today, so park it for now and work on this first.
We'll finish writing the book by Friday by hook or by brook.
Adam always submits his timesheet on time, by hook or by crook.
Let's do a sense-check of the company's performance by comparing its most recent revenue with its historical trend.
Can you please do a sense-check of the calculations to make sure they're mostly correct?
I was really stumped by that math question.
John was stumped by Robin's questions, as he wasn't expecting them.
Can we please circle back to the point that Henry made earlier?
I'll circle back to you on your question once I speak to Charles.
Clen's manager is a hard taskmaster.
I hate working for her because she's such a hard taskmaster.
Kelly's persona at work and after work is night and day.
My brother and I are as different as night and day.
Sorry to burst your bubble, but your next pay rise isn't going to be as good as you thought it would be.
I don't really want to burst Dan's bubble, but somebody needs to tell him that nobody is interested in his Instagram selfies.
They really dragged Frank's name through the mud during the meeting.
It's a bit unnecessary to drag anyone's name through the mud, given it was a team failure.
We should do a deep-dive into why the design department has been losing so many employees over the last couple of years.
Matt's done a deep-dive into last year's electricity expenses to work out the reason for the unusually high cost.
The success of this project boils down to our ability to effectively manage costs.
Our poor win-loss record boils down to our team not scoring enough goals.
I always review the notes before the lecture so that I can hit the ground running when I attend the lecture.
Pat was able to hit the ground running because of all the preparation that he did the night before.
Tania must have woken up on the wrong side of the bed this morning.
I apologize for my mood yesterday. I just woke up on the wrong side of the bed.
The vast majority of websites on this platform have been seen as low-hanging fruit for hackers for several years.
Making money by investing in cryptocurrency is getting harder because most of the low-hanging fruit has been picked.
Going for a team lunch is a good icebreaker.
Let's organize icebreaker games to help participants relax.
Ryan will mock up a version of the presentation so that he can show us what it will look like.
Can you please mock up a few diagrams for the floor plan?
I think he's 30 years old or so.
Can we meet at 5 pm or so?
Alex doesn't really have a preferred position to play in as he's a jack-of-all-trades.
He is known as a jack-of-all-trades. He went from being an accountant, to a soccer coach, to even a comedian.
The weather is a very vanilla conversation topic.
Mike is a very vanilla person.
Lydia can be very hard-headed at times.
I find it hard to deal with Amy. She's so hard-headed.
You said the quickest way of securing funding is to ask David, right? Playing devil's advocate, is there anybody more trustworthy?
They say being smart is a positive thing, but to play devil's advocate, why can we say it's good to be smart and bad to be dumb?
If you are going to Disneyland, you should crystalize your plan of attack for which attractions you should do, as it's always packed.
In order for me to crystalize what the final building will look like, I need the engineers to tell me if the design is practical.
Jack had a D and M with Jill about the best way for them to move forward with their lives.
I had a D and M with Mark about his new girlfriend yesterday.
Julian's a real people person, as he can start a conversation with anybody.
Oliver's definitely a people person. He's been speaking to my colleagues for hours already although they met for the first time today.
Let's get this piece of work over the line and go home early today.
Tom won't get his assignments over the line if you don't constantly prompt him.
The cinema software company has started branching out into other markets such as virtual reality.
Vera is branching out into other departments to gain more experience outside of finance.
If you have an insurance card, you don't have to pay anything out of pocket when you come in for an appointment.
Because the company didn't pay for my cab ride, I'm now $50 out of pocket.
I need to wordsmith this report a bit before I can send it to you.
Once we wordsmith this blog post tomorrow, it'll be ready to publish.
The operating system on an iPhone is like a watered-down version of Mac OS X.
I'd say Twitter is the real me and Facebook is a watered-down version of me.
The point of uploading a lot of your selfies is to fish for compliments, isn't it?
Fishing for compliments may annoy some people, but it is actually often effective to boost your confidence.
I think we'll get to an outcome that suits the both of us if you meet me halfway.
James and Ken are struggling to meet halfway, as they disagree on a lot of aspects of the proposal.
The purpose of resume screening is essentially to weed out unqualified candidates.
The government is trying to weed out potential terrorists travelling to Japan.
Can I introduce you to Sam, my better half?
She's just waiting for her better half to bring the car around.
If you're exhausted from studying too much, hit pause and chill out a bit.
Let's hit pause on this discussion. I need to gather some more information before we continue.
The construction of the house is winding down, so you should hear a lot less noise from next week.
I'm taking next week off work to wind down a bit.
Theresa is making a killing selling carrots at the rabbit show.
Sue's making a killing from the side-business that she started last month.
I wasn't sure what the answer was so I just took a stab in the dark.
If you don't know the answer, just take a stab in the dark. It's better than saying nothing.
Jeff told me that he could lift a car one-handed, but I took it with a grain of salt.
John took what Trent told him with a grain of salt, as it didn't seem correct.
On the trains, there's an unwritten rule to not take the seat next to someone if there are other seats available.
In Japan, there's an unwritten rule that you must take off your shoes when walking into a room.
Japan's economy has been treading water for more than 20 years.
Neville's been treading water, as he can't figure out the next step.
I need someone more junior to do the grunt work for this project, as I'm busy working on a few other things.
Is there any chance we could get somebody else to do the grunt work? I need you helping out on something more complex.
I can never tell what Kim is thinking, because she holds her cards very close to her chest.
Everyone's curious who will be promoted next, but the boss is holding his cards close to his chest.
A pink tiger is unheard of.
It's unheard of for somebody to hit 100 home runs in a year.
I think you'd be a great candidate, so you should put your name in the hat.
I'll put my name in the hat, as the opportunity seems interesting.
I have a crush on this girl, but she's way out of my league.
That DSLR camera is way out of my league.
She thought back to the time she was late to her economics exam.
If you could think back to the meeting we had last week, you'll recall that we already discussed this.
The Prime Minister says the government won't leave homeless people high and dry.
Heading off to the client to apologize? I'll come with you. I don't want you to be left high and dry.
In order to have a successful career, you definitely need to have a lucky break here and there.
We've had a lucky break with the restaurant. Someone's just cancelled at the last minute, so we've managed to book a table.
Gabriel put his best foot forward at the interview.
You won't win the game unless you put your best foot forward.
My boss always consults me before making important decisions, but at the end of the day he has the final say.
I believe the people should have the final say in deciding their own future.
My team really blew it last night. We were so far ahead at half-time, and still managed to lose.
Emily really blew it at the job interview.
This new jacket fits like a glove.
The dishwasher fits like a glove in the corner of my kithen.
Tom was 100 dollars ahead at the casino, so he quit while he was ahead.
Put your business up for sale. It's important to quit while you're ahead.
Despite a number of issues at the company, the new CEO has managed to turn it around.
I've lost confidence in myself, but I'll do my best to turn it around.
In business negotiations, it's critical you don't show your hand straight away.
Let's hold off on making the announcement of the new product for now, as it's not wise to show our hand to our competitiors too soon.
McDonald's was founded circa 1960.
Last year's profit was circa $2 million.
I am going to jazz up my house by painting the walls light green.
Brett jazzed up his car by adding LED lights.
Any dirt on a white car will stick out like a sore thumb.
By wearing a white suit at a black tie event, Matt stuck out like a sore thumb.
Will was born with a silver spoon in his hand, so doesn't really need to work.
Trent finds it hard to deal with setbacks, as he was born with a silver spoon in his hand.
My attendance at the party is a bit touch-and-go, as I have a few other things on that night.
The project's going to be a bit touch-and-go until we secure more funding.
It's getting late, so let's bounce.
This place is boring. Let's bounce.
It took a few hours to get the car up and running this morning.
The plane is finally up and running after being in repairs for a few weeks.
I didn't say that my dad is actually a cosplayer because I didn't wanna air my dad's dirty laundry.
The politician is hiding a lot of his dirty laundry.
I don't mean to rock the boat, but I think our approach is wrong.
I think hiring too many people at once will rock the boat unnecessarily.
We've started the research phase of the project, as Michelle has given it the green light.
We should give the green light to commence construction, as the client is getting impatient.
The date for the wedding is set in stone, as the guests have already booked flights, and a deposit has already been paid.
The dates we've discussed aren't set in stone, as we haven't booked anything yet.
That lady literally said "I love your haircut; it reminds me of freshly-mown grass." Isn't this a backhanded compliment?
Kathy said to my girl "I though short girls couldn't wear thigh high boots, but you look great." What a backhanded compliment.
I think John really likes working with you. He's been singing your praises.
You should be able to get the job fairly easily, as I've been singing your praises to the recruiting manager.
Props to Danny for assisting with my wedding planning.
Props to Jamie for helping me with my IT issues.
Moving to another country will let me begin my career with a clean slate.
Let's draft this presentation with a clean slate.
James has a chip on his shoulder after not getting in the top 5.
Michael is a player that has always played with a chip on his shoulder.
Chop-chop! We've got a plane to catch in an hour.
Come on, chop-chop, we're late.
Despite being asked tough questions by the customer all day long, Ryan was cool as a cucumber.
The player was cool as a cucumber under a lot of pressure.
Ian knuckled down and started studying for his exam.
Let's knuckle down and get this project over the line.
Can you share three key takeaways from this training?
The main takeaway from the conference was how competitive the market has become.
Before we start, I'll do a quick recap of the content that we covered last week.
For a quick recap before Season II, we'll briefly run down what happened in Season I.
The name Chris Lee might not ring a bell, but she is a very famous singer in China.
That song rings a bell, but I can't quite name it.
Let's call a spade a spade and just let Rick know that his plan isn't working.
I appreciate Emma's feedback because she calls a spade a spade.
John front-loaded the dinner cooking process by preparing the rice earlier in the day.
If we allocate more people to the start of the project, can we front-load more of the work?
I'll drip-feed the documents through to you as I complete them.
I'll get Mary to drip-feed you the photos each day as I finish editing them.
I had been on a wild goose chase this moring just to find free Wi-Fi.
Let's make sure we book a restaurant for lunch so we don't end up going on a wild goose chase looking for a place to eat.
I will spruce up the presentation slides before sending them out.
Let's spruce up the house before having people over.
To understand customers' needs, we need to walk in their shoes.
Walk in Simon's shoes to understand what he's feeling at the moment.
Our team has been spinning wheels for the last week because we don't have a clear plan.
We're spinning our wheels without any leadership.
I always feel like Serena is talking down to me.
Brian makes people feel uncomfortable by talking down to them.
Aki is very full of herself, and thinks that she doesn't need to work as hard as everybody else.
I don't need Leon on my team. He's a bit full of himself, so he might upset other team members.
A PowerPoint presentation is a good way of providing a snapshot of a complex set of data.
The diagram gave a really good snapshot of the demographics of Japan.
Getting a loan of just $10 from the bank is like pulling teeth.
Getting Greg to arrive on time is like pulling teeth. He's always late.
Despite the price tag, Liz pulled the trigger and bought the boat.
We should just pull the trigger and buy the house.
I'm sick of dealing with sketchy salesmen.
Every time I see people who put tape over their laptop camera, I find them super sketchy.
Let's not buy everything under the sun from the supermarket. We're only cooking dinner for two.
Aaron''s speech went on for way too long, as he tried to cover everything under the sun.
My girlfriend has given me the go-ahead to buy a new Porsche.
Once we get the go-ahead from the manager, we'll be able to start development on that new product.
If the OPEC decides to ramp up oil production, prices usually drop. However, prices have jumped unexpectedly.
The police are planning to ramp up security for the NYC Marathon.
We'll just have to play it by ear and see how things go.
I don't really know what to bring to the party. Well, I'll play it by ear.
There are some ways to sugarcoat your negative feedback.
It's better to give bad news honestly than to try to sugarcoat it.
Let's make sure the font is consistent throughout the report. The client is OCD.
I literally cannot touch elecator buttons or escalator handrails because I have OCD.
Being a caring person and being a good listener are two sides of the same coin.
Success and failure are two sides of the same coin.
Steven's the black sheep of the family, as he's been arrested a couple of times.
He was considered the black sheep of his family only because he didn't go to the University of Tokyo.
Michael took the report as gospel.
You shouldn't take what Albert says as gospel, as he doesn't think before speaking.
Every major car manufacturer plans to roll out new electric vehicles soon.
The company has started rolling out supoort for the next-gen texting standard.
Mariners roughed up New York Yankees pitcher Tanaka.
He didn't rough up the theif, but instead, he gave him some advice.
The long and the short of it is that cats hate dogs, and we don't really understand why.
So the long and the short of it is that I had a good holiday.
My poker strategy is not an exact science, but I've won more than I used to by using it.
While he's quite good at writing songs that are popular, it's not an exact science.
On second thought, let's go to a different restaurant.
Can I have a latte? No, on second thought, I'll get a cappuccino.
Coming up with our sales forecasts for next week is more art than science.
Predicting the weather for next month is more art than science.
Fred has to learn to bite his tongue sometimes, as not all of his opinions are valid.
I'm not very good at biting my tongue, as I tend to say whatever I'm thinking at the time.
We'll keep your car under lock and key.
The company's confidential documents are kept under lock and key.
You shouldn't download the updated version yet, as right now it's really rough around the edges.
The new US President is a bit too rough around the edges.
The booking site is mailing me at the eleventh hour to cancel my ticket and pay extra to buy my ticket again. So annoying.
I couldn't come to the party because I got the invite at the eleventh hour.
Today's over-50s are not over the hill yet.
That soccer player is over the hill.
Let's settle our differences so that we can move forward.
Apple and Samsung have settled their differences over a lot of patent infringement issues.
It's impossible to become the best golfer in the world overnight. You really have to put in the hard yards at the driving range.
You can tell that Bruce has put in the hard yards, as he has the answer to everything.
The patient's heart surgery is time-sensitive.
This project is pretty time-sensitive, so we should make a start soon.
Andrew has an eye for identifying employees with potential.
I think he has an eye for identifying new business opportunities.
Japan played out of their skins in the World Cup.
I want my employees to play out of their skins to get the best contracts.
I'm playing a tennis match tomorrow, but if it gets too hot, I'll probably throw in the towel.
If you give up on your dreams, what's left? The choice is yours, but if I were you, I would definitely refuse to throw in the towel.
We should look at promoting Gen a bit quicker, as she's a diamond in the rough.
That player is a diamond in the rough. I think he'll develop into a world-class striker in the next few years.
Lucy took the sting out of the bad news by giving everybody donuts.
We'll take the sting out of the redundancy announcement by telling them some good news as well.
We should shoot for the stars with this project, as we have the resources and funding committed to it.
It's much better to shoot for the stars and fail than it is to never try.
I'm at the end of my rope with Brad's mistakes.
I'm at the end of my rope with this grad.
I think I should keep my ideas to myself, as people may steal them.
Brian should keep his thoughts to himself. He never makes any sense.
The state of the economy in Canada is weighing on Alex's mind.
The fact that I have to fly for fourteen hours tomorrow is weighing on my mind.
We've run out of time, so let's table it for discussion for next week's meeting.
Finally, he decided to table the problem.
My father's word put me back on the straight and narrow.
You don't have to worry too much about tax filings. Our tax accountant will help keep you on the straight and narrow.
His show is sure to be hot and full of pizzazz.
A silver neckless is the best way to add low-key pizzazz.
Strike while the iron is hot. This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
I finally got motivation to study English, but I've gotta strike while the iron is hot.
Sorry to talk shop while we're having lunch.
I hate talking shop on the weekend.
What are you doing? It's right under your nose.
I've been looking all over for my mobile, and it was right under my nose.
I don't think I should go Dutch on a first date.
How can I offer to go Dutch on a date without making things awkward?
I thought it was a long shot, but I still threw my hat in the ring.
Total denuclearization of North Korea may be a long shot.
The powers that be of YouTube have decided to delete a number of inappropriate videos.
The powers that be have decided to fix up the migration rules and regulations.
The state of the European economy keeps me up at night.
I want to understand what keeps you up at night so that I can help you.
My brother and I are like two peas in a pod.
Those kids are like two peas in a pod. They always think the same way.
Baseball is a sport with a razor-thin margin for error.
Profits this year will be razor-thin.
The President's speech was punchy and humorous.
I'm going to make my speech short and punchy, as I don't have a lot of time.
Security around the stadium is pretty lax.
I've been pretty lax with my exercise recently. I've only been going to the gym once a week.
I'm going to visit the client around 4-ish just to show face.
It seems the manager just turned up to show face, as he didn't actually do any work when he was here.
The team's finally firing on all cylinders after a few months of playing together.
The construction project is now firing on all cylinders, and should be on track to be completed on schedule.
He doesn't know how much his wife is spending on expensive shoess and purses using his card. Ignorance is bliss.
Don't tell him Santa doesn't exist. I think ignorance is bliss.
The addition of Michael as our new CFO will significantly help us steady the ship.
The coach has brought experienced players back to the team to help steady the ship.
The fidget spinner I bought last year is collecting dust.
Those textbooks that I used during university are collecting dust.
I'm of two minds about buying this house.
He is of two minds about the design of new products.
My car is a real gas-guzzler.
Because I care about the environment, I would never buy a car that's a gas-guzzler.
Two, four, six, eight, so on and so forth.
Jazz, pop, rock, blues, so on and so forth.
A healthy banking sector is the bread and butter of a strong economy.
While I play music on the weekends, my bread and butter is selling insurance.
The internet provider has left me with no Internet for nearly a week. This is the straw that broke the camel's back.
The straw that broke the camel's back in my last relationship is now something that I don't care at all about with my new significant other.
My mom keeps nagging me.
Parents should stop nagging their kids.
Emily is very married to the idea, as she came up with it by herself.
I'm not married to the idea, as I just came up with it off the top of my head.
Some say that Spotify, a relatively new digital music service, can make or break an artist.
The NBA Draft is one factor that makes or breaks the team.
There are two types of people in the world: traditionalists and trailblazers.
Osamu Dazai was considered to be one of the literary trailblazers for that period.
We won't go into too much detail on the financial aspect as we'll take that part as read.
We'll take the lecture notes as read, so won't go through every bit of them.
News of a new manager being hired should soften the blow of Rick leaving the company.
I think it's important to learn how to soften the blow of breaking bad news.
If you really wanna help the poor, you should put your money where your mouth is.
He has put his money where his mouth is: he has made the largest private donation to help the homeless.
When her foster mom initially met her, she was shell-shocked.
When the volcano erupted and unleashed havoc, people were shell-shocked.
Hindsight is 20/20, but we should have booked a flight much earlier. It's so expensive now.
Hindsight is 20/20, but we should have brought umbrellas with us.
Although he's still young, he has learned a lot already thanks to having some older heads showing him the ropes.
Since this is your first time to work on this, I'll show you the ropes.
I put two and two together and worked out who is getting promoted next month.
Max worked out who had betrayed him by putting two and two together.
The first question is a red herring, as it doesn't relate to the topic of this discussion.
The trade deficit problem is a red herring because trade deficits are the difference between national savings and investment.
I need to take stock of the situation for a day or two before I can give you a good answer.
Can you send Josh to the factory to take stock of how much damage was done by the storm last night?
She knows a lot of people in the theatre, so she's usually able to pull some strings to get tickets.
Did you know that there is a secret society that's pulling some strings behind the scenes of the world?
Dan's a bit snappy today. I think it's because he didn't get enough sleep last night.
Sorry if I was a bit snappy this morning. I was pretty stressed out by what I was working on.
Since it's your birthday, you call the shots on where we're going.
My girlfriend calls most of the shots in our relationship.
The be-all and end-all of life should not be to get rich, but to enrich the world.
Efficiency is the be-all and end-all with this project.
He appears to be a few sandwiches short of a picnic.
Look at the people around you and you'll notice that a lot of them are a few sandwiches short of a picnic.
I was on cloud nine when I passed Eiken Grade 1.
Mei seems to be on cloud nine because her boyfriend has finally proposed to her.
This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, so don't let it slip.
My trip to New York offered me a once-in-a-lifetime experience.
Does he want a Ferrari for his birthday? He's asking for the world.
Can you do it by next Friday? I don't think I'm asking for the world.
Brian gave Chris some money under the table to keep the information a secret.
Luke bought some pirated DVDs under the table from that guy on the street.
Let me smooth things over with the customer before you speak to them again.
The President of the United States attempted to smooth things over with key allies at the summit.
That court case is a real David and Goliath situation.
Tonight's football match is a David and Goliath battle.
She is super cute! She is definitely a sight for sore eyes.
It goes without saying that this actor is extremely handsome. Sight for sore eyes.
The dispute over the Liancourt Rocks initially appeared to be a tempest in a teapot, but it later became a serious issue.
America's trade deficit problem is nothing more than a tempest in a teapot, as trade deficit makes up only about 3% of GDP.
That new film was sick.
Your jacket is sick! Where did you get it from?
We conceded two goals during the match, but we still won the game. All's well that ends well.
It was a very difficult client, but we managed to make the sale in the end. All's well that ends well.
In my opinion, sometimes it's good to have a selective memory, but it's better to embrace failure as an opportunity to grow.
I think I have a selective memory, as I always only seem to remember positive comments.
You're much more attractive than you think, so you shouldn't sell yourself short.
Stop selling yourself short. You are much smarter than everyone else.
The interviewer asked me how long I think I'll be at the company for, so I told him that I'm in for the long haul.
I've just finished the first episode of the drama. It's so good I'm in for the long haul.
Roger Federer's magnificent win-loss ratio speaks for itself.
The quality of Tom's work speaks for itself.
Wayne's been pumping iron every weeknight, so his arms are huge now.
Pumping iron with loud music really helps me release all my stress. It feels amazing.
I moved heaven and earth to be able to make this dinner tonight.
We can't move heaven and earth just to make one customer out of a million happy, right?
The customers are complaining about the lack of availability of the new phone, so let's throw them a bone by giving them free headphones.
I jsut wish God would throw me a bone.
The construction of the building is going full steam ahead.
The government is going full steam ahead with their tax cuts.
Picture this: you think it is a killer selfie, but you actually have ketchup on your face. Terrible.
Picture this: a holiday house by the beach that we can visit whenever we like.
The report is ship-shape and ready to send to the client.
Tell Matt to get the house ship-shape, as we have guests coming over tonight.
In the name of justice, peaceful people there ran riot.
Wild rabbits are running riot in the town.
Kudos to Anthony for the great Christmas present that he got me.
Kudos to Shaun for his great work.
I would expect to see a significant increase in profit this year simply because all the stars are aligned.
The job interview went well for Toby because the stars were aligned.
Depending on your ability to carry a tune, karaoke can be great fun or terribly embarrassing.
He can't really carry a tune, but he's an excellent dancer.
That salesperson has the Midas touch.
Fred really has the Midas touch, as everybody seems to like everything he sells.
A ten per cent pay rise is nothing to sneeze at in the current economic climate.
Neville's new house is nothing to sneeze at.
I feel like I have to walk on eggshells when I'm speaking with my boss.
You gotta walk on eggshells every time you tweet, or your account will get suspended.
Nick was walking on sunshine because he had just won the lottery.
I'm walking on sunshine because I've just been given a salary increase.
That camping trip was "in tents." Hahah, it's a play on words.
The owner of the steak shop made a play on words and said, "Becoming a vegetarian is a big missed steak."
I know you feel like you know everything about English, but you have just scratched the surface.
The U.S. is just starting to scratch the surface when it comes to mobile payment.
John didn't have enough money to travel overseas, so decided to have a staycation instead.
Tom enjoys staycations because he doesn't like flying.
As we are forecasting growth of 10% even in the best-case scenario, I think the 20% goal is a stretch target.
Let's set a stretch goal for the team so that they work a bit harder.
4G technology is on the way out, as 5G is being rolled out over the next few years.
John's on the way out. He's retiring next year.
