index
This research shows that early birds are more likely to succeed in their careers, but I don't think that's the case.
You don't have to believe what I'm saying, but my gut feeling always turns out to be fine.
I just replied in French to my friend in Paris. I hope my French is up to snuff. It should be close enough to be understandable.
Kevin's has been on fire lately. New girlfriend, a promotion at work, and going on holiday next week.
At the end of the day, I couldn't care less about anyone else's opinion. I believe in myself.
Thanks for picking up the kids on Monday. You're an absolute life-saver.
My biggest problem is getting ahead of oneself sometimes. I need to stop jumping the gun.
The equality of your taxi driver is usually luck of the draw.
I can't stand dogs barking in the middle of the night.
I bumped into a friend at lunch that I haven't seen in years. The only thing that's changed about him is his haircut.
I'll chip in five dollars for that present we're buying for John. FYL, this is all the money I have.
I finally got a job! I'm so glad things finally worked out. Hindsight is 20/20, but I should've started my job search earlier.
I need yo to finish this report by tomorrow. Simple as that.
I really don't wanna go to work today. I'm feeling a bit down in the dumps right now.
This meeting has dragged on for a while. Do you know if it's going to finish soon?
Who knows what happened, but your hair is exploding. Haircuts are a bit pricey, but you should consider getting one soon.
It's still early days, so we haven't finished planning our entire itinerary yet. I've also been slammed at work, so haven't had time.
You told me there's no chance that my ex would ever message me back. I sent her a message just to prove you wrong, and yep, you were right.
I'm going to have a party at my house on Saturday, just because. I'm not normally a party animal.
I'm off. I'll speak to you about this tomorrow after I think it through a bit more.
I can't convince myself to get on with my homework. I'm having difficulty finding any motivation.
Do I like free food? Duh. You just need to watch out for surprises in your food.
I'm not very good at making small talk because I find it very boring and vanilla. It's also really hard to come up with things to say on the fly.
It's gonna be a bit tricky, but I should cut back on my coffee intake. It's costing me a lot each week.
It's none of my business, but you should really get a new girlfriend. Her behavior is so fishy.
I'm so sick of Matt. He's stood me up so many times before, so I'm not going to wait for him any longer.
Why am I angry again? It's because you're being such a pain in the neck.
It's amazing how you keep your emotions under control even when you're under extreme pressure.
I got over losing my wallet fairly quickly, as it didn't have a lot of money. Bif of a silver lining.
I can't come out for a drink tonight because I need to be somewhere by six.
Masayoshi always comes up with innovative ideas by thinking outside the box. That's why I really look up to him.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I'm fairly certain your calculation has an error. It might be a bit fiddly to fix up, so I'll help you out with it.
I have a lot on my plate at the moment, so I would be able to help you move house tomorrow.
Sorry, I'm in the middle of something at the moment. Can I call you back in about half an hour?
My thinking is that we should leave school a bit earlier to avoid traffic. John says it'll only take ten minutes, but I'm taking that with a grain of salt.
I was going to ask my boss for a pay raise, but I thought that might be pushing it. I've only been fere for a few months.
I wouldn't worry too much about booking for dinner tonight. Worst-case scenario, we'll just get McDonald's.
This is the first time I've played soccer in a long time, so cut me some slack. I'm rusty.
I'm going home in a few minutes, so I'm going to pack up. You guys should make a move as well.
All my saved games vanished into thin air, so I'm completely back to square one. I'm shattered.
I didn't think that Hamish would be able to pull off, but he managed to get us a few tickets to the concert tonight.
My new boss is so hard to please. Nothing I do ever seems to make him happy. He's always talking down to me as well.
Give me a second, and I'll walk the dog for you. I just need to wrap up my cooking first.
Your girlfriend is an adult. She doesn't reed you sticking up for her all the time.
The form is missing a couple of details, but I'm going to let it slide this time and process it anyway because you're my friend.
I still haven't received the refund I requested a month ago. Can you please look into this?
When you have a question, always make sure you Google it first before you ask.
The work that you've given to me is pretty full-on. I might need you to give me a hand with it later.
I really hate when people throw shade at each other on Twitter. They must have too much free time.
I've finally axed my Facebook account. All those people I have never met in real life are gone.
I always think that the train will be arriving any minute, but it's usually late. I might be better off walking.
People are driving in go-karts dressed up like video game characters on public road. This is Tokyo. Just business as usual.
Can you please give me a hand with hanging this painting? I think it'll really jazz up the room.
I'm really kicking myself for not buying shares in that company. The share price has doubled over the last month.
Look at this picture. She's my girlfriend. She's even more beautiful in person.
I back your decision to go to Tokyo during spring. It's the best time of the year to visit.
I wouldn't take Matt's comments too seriously because I think he's just blowing off some steam.
I need to check in with this new grad every day to keep him on his toes. What a pain.
The air conditioning on the train really messed up my hair.
You can't keep sitting on the fence. A decision needs to be made in the next week.
John asked if it's gonna be sunny today, so I said to him " I guess so" because I never checked the weather forecast.
Has Mom bought a new handbag with my credit card again? Not that I know of, but it wouldn't surprise me. She's done that before.
I got food poisoning from a shady cafe lunch. Just wanted to give you a heads-up.
What's the deal with you? Why do I have to pay you extra for soy milk?
This YouTuber keeps saying this is the best product ever, but I have a strong hunch he's just saying that because he's getting money from advertising it.
Stealing your friend's assignment is very sneaky.
I love this young coach because he's never afraid to make a big call.
You are always on my mind. I hope you think of me the same way.
I need someone to help me out with some housekeeping matters such as organizing meetings and coordinating schedules.
I resigned from my fob a few weeks ago, and I've been on autopilot ever since. It's been pretty hard not to slack off.
I wanna drop everything and just travel the world, but I don't think I'd get the go-ahead from my girlfriend.
As James was very talented at math, he decided to teach math to play to one's strengths.
I broke my arm last week, so I'll be out of action until at least next Wednesday.
This lecturer speaks too quickly. I'm struggling to keep up with what he's talking about. It's like he's speaking gibberish sometimes.
I know that you want to buy the tickets now, but can we sort it out later? I'm just in the middle of something.
I think Tom's rapid rise in the company has a lot to do with his father being the CEO of the company.
The new Prime Minister was getting absolutely grilled by the journalists because of his new immigration policies.
We'll go to the bar, order a drink, and sit back and relax.
You can't jump ship every time things get slightly difficult.
It took me a while to find my feet at this new school, but now that I have, I love it.
I didn't like the design of the website he created, so I decided to make one from scratch by myself.
I haven't gotten much exposure to Japanese culture before, but I'm keen to learn more.
What's going on with the weather lately? It'S been so warm.
I'm wanting to get up to speed on modern marketing. I know there's a lot I don't know.
Something's up with my computer. I haven't been able to use it all morning. I should bite the bullet and get a new one.
Catch you later, Bill. See you tomorrow morning.
My hard-earned money just vanished into thin air. I hate gambling.
I've been stuck on this task for ages. I've never done anything this hard before.
Tell him to hang on while I put my shoes on. Hopefully, he's not in a rush.
Now that the busy period has ended, I can finally let my hair down.
When it comes to studying English, Distinction is my go-to book.
He's not my friend, but we definitely get along with each other.
I need to brush up on my passing before the game on the weekend. To give some context, I rarely practice my passing.
I wish that Vince would speak up more at meetings because his opinions are generally very legit.
We're not going to be home anytime soon. The plan's been delayed by four hours.
You've already finished your homework! Good stuff.
I can't go out tonight. I have prep for this meeting tomorrow.
I didn't really put up a fight when Michelle told me I was wrong since it was pretty obvious.
I'm going to be on holidays for the next month, so reach out to James if you have any questions while I'm away.
This problem seems pretty complicated. I7d probably ask Tim about that because I'm stumped.
When I'm showing him the ropes, it seems to be in one ear, out the other.
I really dropped the ball on this assignment. It's five weeks late.
The next two weeks are doing to be nothing but studying for the exam. It's crunch time.
Cut it out, man. That sound of nails scratching a blackboard really makes me cringe.
The first time I left home was a bittersweet moment for me.
I didn't sleep very well last night, so I'm not really on the ball right now.
I think he is under a lot of stress, despite putting on a brave face.
You should stop making a fuss about every little noise that's made when you're in the library. It just indicates your lack of concentration.
Off the top of my head, we averaged about 100 car sales a week last year. That's only a ballpark figure, so I'll have to double-check to get exact numbers.
I only started playing basketball last month, so I'm still a newbie. Can you give me a crash course on shooting?
Shaun dug himself into a hole by telling the police officer how much money he had stolen last year.
This assignment is such a piece of cake. It's due in a week, and I've already finished most of it.
I always get disappointed by Japanese restaurants in foreign countries because I have high standards.
I only go to work events if drinks and food are on the house.
Bill's purchase of a new watch came out of left field. I thought he was broke.
I don't really remember what we discussed at the meeting last month. Can you jog my memory?
My daughter knows she can get away with anything at home.
KFC of McDonald's? McDonald's. It's a no-brainer. I had KFC for dinner yesterday.
My best friend and I are really on the same wavelength.
I'm away over the long weekend, so you won't be able to call me.
You can't just kick-start the economy by pumping more money in. It's not sustainable.
I've said I was gonna block this guy several times, but these persistent and annoying messages were the last straw. I'm actually doing it now.
I was almost there, but after I clicked "purchase," it ffoze. It's crystal-clear that they need upgrade their website.
I shot myself in the foot when I kept nodding at my boss because he realized that I wasn't actually listening.
Can you please keep track of our spending for this month? I'm concernedthat we're wasting too much on food.
I'm glad to hear you're having a great time in New York. Keep me posted.
I was a bit pressed for time, so I got straight to the point during our meeting.
He told me that we should roll out this product as soon as possible, but I don't know about that. We should be more careful here.
I literally bounce off the walls when I drink Red Bull. I always feel like I have wings on my back.
I need a moment to gather my thoughts before giving a speech this afternoon.
We need to set some ground rules around attendance at meetings, as some people don't turn up whe they're supposed to.
Is he thinking about driving in that weather for real? It looks like a storm is brewing.
Long story short, I found a sure-fire way to make a video viral. I'm going to keep it to myself for now.
There's no one-size-fits-all approach for English studies, so always ask yourself if the method you are beng taught suits your style.
I've just come back from holidays, so I'll need to spend a day or two getting on top of things.
Going to karaoke alone is my thing.
Pater need time to think on his decision before committing to purchasing a house.
The new starter learns things really quickly. He's very switched on.
In my experience, drinking plenty of water is one of the best ways ease into a healthy diet.
We won't die even if we miss the deadline? True that.
Where are you heading after work today? Wanna grab some dinner?
Sorry I forget to buy milk. It completely slipped my mind.
Mary burned her bridges when she left the company because she sent a very offensive email to her manager.
It took me a while to settle down after the car crash.
I wasn't really listening to what my colleague was saying, but I said, "sure thing" to what he was asking anyway.
I know I have to stop thinking about my one-sided crush, but it's easier said than done.
Is there something that you need to get off your chest? You look very guilty.
It'll free up some thime so that we can have lunch tomorrow. I'm really keen to catch up.
Let's better understand the tactics of the opposition so that we're not caught off guard.
Shinya told me he was late for work because his dog broke his phone and the alarm didn't go off. Do you buy that?
The hamburger shop making fun of vegans is a cheap shot.
Oh man, this 19-year-old forex trader became a billionaire out of nowhere. What are we doing here?
He kept going on about the importance of understanding the forgetting curve when it comes to realizing effective vocabulary memorization.
We should put our heads together as a team to come up with a solution. We need to solve this sooner rater than later.
I told my manager that I was working from home, but the reality is that I was basking in the sun at the beach.
I had a loto f back and forth with my firend about whether there is life on other planets, but at the end of the day, only God knows.
I lost track of time because the movie I was watching was just fantasic.
The new software will be implemented across the board.
If things aren't going right for you in life, take a step back, look at the big picture and make changes.
I have no clue why this song has so for under the radar. It's a masterpiece, hands down.
For all intests and purposes, Nick and James are best friends.
Kelly remained upbeat despite her broken leg.
I didn't really reed to move house, but I decided to move to a new place just to change it up.
If I play my cards right, I should be able to get Emma to go out to dinner with me next week.
We only recruit hte cream of the crop. That's why we pay above-market salaries.
Testing whether you can hold a plank for about a minute of longer is a good way to check if you are in good shape.
You wanna apply for the maid cafe, but you doubt the'll take you since you're a guy? It wouldn't hurt to try since you have nothing to lose.
I would like to say that I'll love you forever, but I cant't. I'm not sure how I'll feel down the road.
John is very thick-skinned. Even when people criticize him a lot, he doesn't seem to feel anything.
I'm a very shy person, but when I do daraoke with my friends, my switch gets turned on. I become the life of the party.
I prefer quality over quantity in friendships. You don't need a thousand friends to be happy, do you?
I need somebody else to make a call about how many copies of Distinciton we're printing. it's not my area of specialty.
For argument's sake, say it's an hour to your workplace, and an hour back. That's two hours aout of a day. Don't you think that's a lot?
My plan of attack for tomorrow's exam is to try my very hardest not to do anything stupic like marking a wrong answer by mistake.
The market got off to a rough start today due to the disappointing employment statistics.
I know group work has some benefits, but it can also open up a can of worms when lazy students rely on hard-working peers to pull up their grades.
We need to pick up the pace on writhing this book a little bit if we want to release it next month.
You just need to keep chipping away at problems and enjoy learning new things. That's all you need in your first year of work.
I've recently picked up playing the guitar. I might need to get lessons at some point.
He's an angel. Nothing gets under his skin. He laughts at everything.
I've finally found a great location that we can all get on board with for this party.
Can you please keep me in the loop with how the project is going.
My parants will bail me out when I run out of money. Just wishful thinking. The reality is that they don't any extra money to give me.
If it were up to me, I would have at least five more dogs.
Keep it between us, but I really hate the way Sam laughs. It sounds like a seal choking on its fish.
Finally meeting my best internet friend in person really made my day.
He said African slaves were "immigrants" who came to America with a dream. He is very books-smart, but his social awareness is terreble.
I may not be book smart, but I'm street-smart, and I'm proud of it.
I treated him as my true friend, but he ended up being a backstabber. I'm a bit shell-shocked.
John asked me if I wanna join his baseball team, so I said, "I'm game."
I haven't done any work over the last couple days. I gotta get my act together before my boss finds out.
He went on and on about what color is the best for taxis. At the end of the day, it doesn't matter what color the taxi is as long as it gets you form A to B.
I really want to hire Carl, but I don't think I can afford him. He drives a gard bargain.
I haven't posted these photos here yet, so might as well post them now.
I've only done a very high-level review of your work, so won't pick up all the little mistakes.
I wonder why Australia has never been in the mix for hosting the World Cup.
None of your explanations stack up. It that a take story?
One way of another, we have to finish this group assighment by tomorrow. Let's knuckle down and get it done.
Calm down, man. One minor mistake I a 15,000 word thesis is not the end of the world.
I heard you met the new employee yesterday. Did you hit it off with her?
I have a soft spot for limited edition snacks.
I'm leaving Japan for the foresseable future to grasp more opportunities in the world.
Don't be a back-seat driver. I know what I'm doing.
Brian's been very hard on his team lately, as the project deadline is pretty ridiculous.
This scene makes me cry every time. It really pulls at my heartstrings.
In my opinion, a woman should not expect the man to foot the bill. However, if the man has invited the woman out on a date, then I think he should pay.
I was feeling on top of the world after finishing the long project.
The IT team needs to get back to the basics and first make sure the software actually boots up before adding all the bells and whistles.
Stop sitting on that piece of work and send it to me already. I need to review it tomorrow.
He's been dragging his feet about paying my salary, so I've gotta force the issue soon.
Japanese can be better than English as a language whe you view it in a certain light.
By and large, I'm pretty happy with my workplace, even though my boss can be a bit hard-headed.
It seems translating all these documents witten in Japanese into English is killing him because his mother tongue is neither Japanese nor English.
I can live failure, but I can't live with not trying.
Our conversation went on a bit longer than expected, as Michael went a bit off track towards the end.
It's sad we had to fire him, but he will land on his feet and be successful somewhere else.
I studied for TOEFL for two months, so I hope I get a good score. Finger crossed.
My transfer to the office in London is a done deal. I'm going to be moving next week.
We can't get tickets now. That ship has sailed. The tickets sold out yesterday.
There are checks and balances within the organizatin to make sure that people can't just transfer money to themselves.
It's hard to lighten the mood when someone gets hurt.
Can you buy me a can of Fanta or something along those lines?
Many students study for the sake of studying with no clear goals. That's the biggest problem.
Your haircut is very on point.
I'll have a word with a HR rep about my boss' behavior because it's bery inappropriate.
I brought notes up on stage with me as an insurance policy in case I forget parts of my speech.
He is pretty hot-headed, so try not to provoke him.
I think I ordered too mamy drinks for the party, but better safe than sorry, right?
I'd like to put all my money on the first horse, but I know I shouldn't put all my eggs in one basket.
I'm a big fan of the idea of batching housework, like doing laundry on set days as opposed to everyday.
I know Yuki's sick today, but we still need to keep things moving in his absence.
The long and the short of it is that planning in advance for how you'll act when you hit a roadblock is critical to a succeesful career.
That's a first. My mpn didn't blame me for not getting full marks.
I think my boss is fed up with me always missing dedlines.
We don't always see eye to eye, but I'll always love my parants.
I know what I've asked you to do is really difficult, but stick it out, and there may be a generous reward for you at the end.
Stay positive. Challenges are for a career in the grand sheme of things.
The sashimi is really delicious in and of itself. We don't need to add anything else, even soy sause.
I'll need to proofread this article before we can get it out the door. I'll get up bright and early tomorrow to do it.
You can bank on Nishikori winning his next match. He's playing amazing tennis right now.
I really wish people would stop using "ramen" as a blanket term for nookle soups. Udon and soba are not ramen.
Kids have no filter. I told my 4-year-old daughter that we can't have a dog because Grandpa is alllergic, and she said he just needs to move house.
I don't want to set the bar too high, but I think we should at least aim to achieve 5% revenue growth.
I'm trying to get to the bottom of why my laptop won't start.
The reataurant was fully booked, so I picked a different one. It can't be helped.
Back in the day, I used to spend a lot of money on clothes.
I decided to change jobs because my career was going nowhere. It's been good starting somewhere new with a clean slate.
It's a shame that people only start to care once someone has passed away. Too little too late. We need to act now.
We'll need all hands on deck tomorrow. The number of orders will be double what they nomally are due to this new product launch.
I feel like I've been hung out to dry. I got no support from my manager whatsoever.
We should definitely err on the side of caution, rather than release a product that we're not sure is safe.
I'm between a rock and hard place at the moment, as my parents want me to stay in Tokyo, but my wife wants to move to Canada.
I haven't had much time to do any shopping lately because I 've trying to keep my head above water at work.
My English is still a bit shaky here and there, but it's getting better.
Breff dropped a bombshell this morning. He's leaving the conpany tomorrow.
I really enjoy talking with this guy on Facebook. Oh, for the record, I've never actually met this person.
I've been good wines for the last few years so that I can enjoy them when I retire.
Don't judge a book by its cover. He might actually be a nice person even though he looks like a gangster.
It looks like it's going to be raining all weekend, but on a positive note, we didn't have any outdoor activities planned anyway.
I'm taking off in five minutes because I have to pick up the children from school.
I drew the shor straw and had to do the interview with this mean interviewer. He bombarded me with a bunch of tough questions.
You need to stop taking it out on your employees.It's not good for workplace morale.
You can't make changes after you submit your report, so make sure you go through everything with a fine-tooth comb before you submit it.
I let my hairdresser have free rein over what color she dyes my hair because I turust her, and it turned out bright vivid green. Things happen.
Don't hold off on asking questions because there's no such thing as a dumb question.
I'm in the dark about why my girlfriend has two LINE accounts. It's starting to freak me out.
Let me unpack this concept for you. It is quite complicated.
I was gonna pour all my money into stoks, but my financial advisor told me to hold your horses.
I'm gonna get it over with and remove these wisdom teeth. They've been bugging me for ages.
He's got all the necessary skills and knowledge, but I'm not sold on his character.
I never win my races because I always choke right before the finish line.
I didn't want to got the party, but went anyway because I had fomo.
It's too late to have a change of heart now. We've already told the designer what color we want the wedding invitations to be.
It's so obvious that Naoki is sucking up to the boss. He's not that nice to anybody else.
There's no silver bullet to solve the problem of global warming. We can't just pluck somethning out of thin air.
Bookworm friends are the best. They love to show off all of their literary knowledge, so I can learn a lot just having a conversation with them.
We're gonna go for broke to get this homework done by next week.
Don't ask me about grammar. It's not really my strong suit.
Can I please pick your brain about this math question because you are an expert in this sort of stuff?
That was absolutlely a text free-kick from Messi. He's really got the Midas touch.
You don't like coriander? To me that's the best herb in the world, but well, to each their own.
It's a bit too late for Chris to save face. Everybody knows that he messed up.
We really need to get behind our team tonight. They seem to play a lot bette when the crowd is positive.
As it stands, I won't be able to afford a new car next year.
You should boraden your horizons by studing abroad.
I just can't help myself whe it comes to dessert. I just love it so much.
I'm over the moon about getting a new smartphone for Chrismas. I wasn't expecting to receive something that expensive from my friends.
Remind me again, how do I get home from here. I'm so wasted.
I was so hyped to learn Japanese before I started, but I stumbled my way through Japanese 101 and threw in the towel pretty quickly.
All this uncertainty around my job is making me a bit panicky. It keeps me up at night.
I apologized for my mistake a long time ago. Bringing it up now in front of everybody is a bit below the belt, isn't it?
Do you seriously think she is one-in-a-million and there's no one else like her? Man, the world popuration is 7 billion.
When I was high school student, I would often study at McDonald's until late at night. It was an experience.
Cycling to work kills two birds with one stone. It keeps you fit as wekk as getting you to work.
I'm so sorry, but I'm gonna have to pull the plug on lunch today. I'M a little under the weather.
I'm not angry anymore because it was a very long timeago. It's water under the bridge.
Jess thinks that she's the top dog, but nobody really listens to what she says.
I haven't heard anything from my credit card company. No news is good news, right?
If you speak English in Japan, you might get looks from people, but it's the way to learn.
I thought it was a slam dunk that my girlfriend would accept my proposal, but reality is harsh.
I studied accounting at university, but I didn't wanna pigeonhole myself too early in my career, so I started a YouTube channel.
I bought this monitoring camera so I can view inside my home form the app. I know it's unnecessary, but just to have some peace of mind.
I don't like that a bird crapped on my head this morning, but that's the way the cookie crumbles.
I'm sure AI will bring a lot of benefits, but I'm concerned about the threat of weaponized AI. Once we open up this Pandora's box, it will be hard to close to it.
Ben just told me that the new product is selling well. It's music to my ears.
The team was winning 5-0, so they started showboating, conceded six goals, and lost in the end. How stupid.
After spending eight hours bouncing ideas off each other, out plan is finally starting to take shape.
His talent for getting to the heart of the matter is just stunning. I wish I could be like him.
We can cut the financial date in many different ways, depending on how you wanna look at out business.
In America, there is an idea of typical picture-perfect family: a father, a few kids, and a big house. They call it the American Dream.
My mom woke me up at 5 a.m. this morning. That really made my blood boil. Today's Sunday.
When you name your company, you should make sure the name rolls off the tongue. It impacts its future popularity.
I've apologized for breaking your leg, and I've paid for your hospital bills, so I hope there are no hard feelings.
Given the current economic situation, rasing tax rates is like kicking consumers when they're down.
I know we're missing a team member, but we don't have any choice but to soldier on.
Not to take away from his achievement, but saying, "I did everything myself," is ridiculous. He clearly had people helping him.
I'll bet my house on me winning this prize. I know I will because I pulled some strings.
Just because every man and his dog is jumping on the decluttering bandwagon, it doesn't mean you have an obligation to do it too.
I'm as good as Mask, so I don't understand why I keep having to play second fiddle to him.
This handbag that I'm selling was given to me for free, so I'm playing with house money.
We all have to pay our taxes. It's just a fact of life.
Good ideas are a dime a dozen, but people who put the ideas into action are priceless.
Education inequality between high and low income students is the elephant in the room.
While arcades are now few and far between in the State, they are still booming in Japan.
How can you tell me that you know a sure-fire way to pick up girls with a straight face after you have just failed five times in a row?
The promising student went off the rails after he started hanging out with drug addicts.
I New Zealand, the train runs on time once in a blue moon. In Japan, it runs on the dot most of the time.
I just started watching this new TV series. So far so good. Also, my crush on this actress is too real.
I told my girlfriend that this is the fifth time this year I've lost my wallet. She was at a loss for words.
Could storage is my safety net in case my computer hard drive fails. It's a good nice-to-have.
I left my last company because it was a sink or swim environment. It never allows people to stay at the same level for more than two years.
This pretty girl agreed to go on a date with me, but then stood me up. She probably got cold feet.
This new flagship smartphone that Samsung has just rolled out will surely steal the new iPhone's thunder.
I don't really enjoy following instructions. I'd prefer to be in the driver's seat.
That pink car with a huge anime sticker is a bit out of the ordinary.
When I'm unmotivated, I always give a little pep talk to myself and it's surprisingly effective.
Today, I'm gonna meet up with the new project team, get the lay of the land, and make a plan of attack for the next few weeks.
I just heard the politician say that video games lead to increased violence, but I think he's barking up the wrong tree.
Human needs are a moving target. Maslow's hierarchy of needs explains this very well.
Time is of the essence, so get going on your dreams right now. You can't keep treading water.
I never wear my heart on my sleeve at work because I know there's no point, and it's unprofessional.
You shouldn't make too much noise around Mom today. She's quite highly strung.
I finally got my first Rolex. It cost me an arm and a leg.
The basketball game last night went right down to the wire. I really got a kick out of it.
We're going to lose face in front of the client if it sounds like we don't know what we're talking about.
Sorry I got my wires crossed. The message wasn't meant for you. It was supposed to be sent to somebody else.
We need to up our game to score a goal. The opponent is last year's champion.
In Japan, the word "sake" is a catch-all term for any alcoholic liquor, while in other countries it normally refers to rice wine.
I've started going to the gym in the morning rather than after work. Who knows if it's better, but I just wanted to shake up my daily routine.
Knock on wood, the internet connection should work this time.
I strongly believe he'll be able to pass the exam. I know he's been firing on all cylinders the last 12 months. Where there's a will, there's a way.
Don't make that slurping noise when you're drinking coffee. It makes my ears bleed.
I can't believe the government is still trying to pull the wool over our eyes. It's been all over the news.
As soon as we put our house in order, customers will come back to us. Once that happens, we'll make a killing again.
You shouldn't take that test lightly. A lot of people have failed that subject previously.
I thought my boss would support me when I got asked the tough questions, but he threw me to the wolves.
The career coach mentioned there are 18 things that mentally strong people do. I think they are actually really good as food for thought.
I'm going to draw a flowchart so you can better understand how this company works. A picture is worth a thousand words.
The issue we had with the delivery company has finally been taken care of. We finally figured out what was going wrong.
I need to sneak out of the meeting for a few minutes this afternoon.
We reached an economic tipping point this year, with more than 50% of the global population classified as middle class or wealthier for the first time.
I think Tokyo these days is much more foreigner-friendly, but come and see for yourself.
Naomi told me a story yesterday about a guy who kept blowing his won horn trying to get her number as Starbucks. It cracked me up.
My baby was on oxygen for nearly five months, but she's out of the woods now and doing fine.
People say life has its ups and downs, but I feel I've never experienced the ups. Where are they?
New York always seems to have the best up-and-coming fashion designers. That's why I love New York fashion events.
I applied for Stanford even though I have no money to pay tuition fees. I haven't even received an offer yet, so I'll cross that bridge when I get there.
I graduated from college by the skin of my teeth. I barely passed the final exams of the course I took in the last semester.
Everyone was like, let's stay away from Taylor, as she's a bit of an oddball, but I love her because she's different.
You don't need to stick your neck out for other people if they don't do the same for you when you are in a similar situation.
The reason why we're scrambling to get this work done now is because nobody told me when we had complete it by.
The government is trying to push through some unpopular legislation during its honeymoon period.
If you don't yourself in line, I'm going to have to kick you out of this party.
God only knows if there's an afterlife, so I'd rather try to enjoy my life than bet on it.
Oh my god, this game is so nostalgic. I need a bit of a refresher on how to play it. I haven't played it since I was about six.
Sometimes you have to be the one to extend an olive branch even if you didn't do anything wrong. Otherwise, you'll never be able to build a long-lasting relationship.
I know you want to pick your dress for the initiation ceremony, but don't count your chickens before they hatch. You haven't received your exam results yet.
I told my team to arrive at 9 a.m. on the dot, but they all just trickled in from 9:30. I think we'll need to set up some ground rules to stop this from happening again.
My boss has never tried to listen to me, so I decided to raise the stakes by threatening to resign.
I'll sell you this car for half-price with no strings attached. How about that?
You can bury your head in the sand all you like, but the issue of your wife being angry at you won't go away.
My resolution this year is to double down on my personal investment in health and knowledge.
This new project will take center stage once it's marketed appropriately. We should go full steam ahead with the advertising.
The hotel room was fit for a king. It might be a bit over the top, but I love it.
The goalie's Achilles heel is his kicking. He can't seem to keep his cool when he's doing it.
I think the negativity around children's use of the internet has been played up by the media. Surely there are so many things they can learn from it as well.
I'm trying to map out this complicated strategy, but have had no luck yet. I can slice and dice it in so many ways.
This is just a half-baked idea, but I think it would be cool if we created a database of popular house music, analyze sound patterns, and make songs out of it.
The existence of alligators in the New York sewers is an urban legend. Putting two and two together, it's probably something created to increase tourism.
I gave a mint Joe because his breath smelled. I was just trying to be nice, but he forced my hand when he turned it down. I told him why he needs it.
Some students have been saying that Lisa cheated on the test. Where there's smoke, there's life.
This 18-year-old girl is dating a 68-year-old man? Kudos to him, but I smell a rat.
I want this party to go on for another five hours, but all good things must come to an end.
When all's said and done, nobody cares how many hours you worked on the weekend. It's all about what you produced.
I'm playing the long game by doing this unpaid internship. I'm not earning anything right now, but it should get me into a great job further down the road.
Surfing looks really easy when the pros do it, but the devil's in the detail. Everything has to be inch-perfect.
Kim holds all the cards when it comes to negotiating her pay raise because she knows that we need her.
My brother and I are wearing the same shirt today. Great minds think alike.
I feel so happy when I look at his holiday photos on Instagram. That's definitely the good life.
Paul's girlfriend has him on a leash. He never comes out to Friday drinks anymore.
